testing_data/1/0.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/2/1.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/3/2.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/4/3.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/5/4.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/6/5.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/7/6.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/8/7.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/9/8.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gubbi.ttf
training_data/1/9.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/2/10.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/11.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/12.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/13.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/14.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/15.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/16.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/17.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/18.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/20.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/23.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/24.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/25.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/26.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/27.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/2/28.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/3/29.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
testing_data/4/30.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/5/31.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/6/32.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/7/33.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/8/34.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/9/35.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist.ttf
training_data/1/36.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/2/37.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/3/38.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/4/39.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
testing_data/5/40.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/6/41.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/7/42.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/8/43.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/9/44.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-RI.ttf
training_data/1/45.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/46.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/47.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/48.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/49.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/6/50.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/51.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/52.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/53.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/54.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/2/55.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/3/56.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/4/57.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/5/58.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/6/59.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
testing_data/7/60.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/8/61.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/9/62.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-R.ttf
training_data/1/63.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/2/64.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/3/65.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/4/66.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/5/67.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/6/68.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/7/69.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
testing_data/8/70.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/9/71.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/kalimati.ttf
training_data/1/72.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/73.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/74.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/75.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/76.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/77.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/78.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/79.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/80.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/81.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/2/82.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/3/83.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/4/84.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/5/85.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/6/86.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/7/87.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/8/88.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
training_data/9/89.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-BookOblique.otf
testing_data/1/90.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/2/91.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/3/92.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/4/93.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/5/94.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/6/95.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/7/96.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/8/97.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/9/98.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-BdIta.otf
training_data/1/99.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
testing_data/2/100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/3/101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/4/102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/5/103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/6/104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/7/105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/8/106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/9/107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/1/108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/2/109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
testing_data/3/110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/4/111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/5/112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/6/113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/7/114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/8/115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/9/116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo.ttf
training_data/1/117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/2/118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/3/119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
testing_data/4/120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/5/121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/6/122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/7/123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/8/124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/9/125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Regular.otf
training_data/1/126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/2/127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/3/128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/4/129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
testing_data/5/130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/6/131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/7/132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/8/133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/9/134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOSsys.ttf
training_data/1/135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/2/136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/3/137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/4/138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/5/139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
testing_data/6/140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/7/141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/8/142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/9/143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/1/144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/2/145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/3/146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/4/147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/5/148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/6/149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
testing_data/7/150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/8/151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/9/152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa-Bold.1.1.ttf
training_data/1/153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/8/160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/2/172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/3/173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/4/174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/5/175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/6/176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/7/177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/8/178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
training_data/9/179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/opens___.ttf
testing_data/1/180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/2/181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/3/182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/4/183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/5/184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/6/185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/7/186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/8/187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/9/188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusMonoPS-Bold.otf
training_data/1/189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
testing_data/2/190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/3/191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/4/192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/5/193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/6/194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/7/195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/8/196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/9/197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrow.ttf
training_data/1/198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/RaghuMalayalamSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/4/210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/2/217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/3/218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/4/219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
testing_data/5/220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/6/221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/7/222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/8/223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/9/224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rekha.ttf
training_data/1/225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/2/226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/3/227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/4/228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/5/229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
testing_data/6/230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/7/231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/8/232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/9/233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/samanata.ttf
training_data/1/234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/2/244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/3/245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/4/246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/5/247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/6/248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/7/249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
testing_data/8/250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/9/251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne.ttf
training_data/1/252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/2/253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/3/254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/4/255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/5/256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/6/257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/7/258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/8/259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
testing_data/9/260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSansMono.ttf
training_data/1/261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/2/262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/3/263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/4/264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/5/265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/6/266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/7/267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/8/268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
training_data/9/269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gujarati.ttf
testing_data/1/270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/2/271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/3/272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/4/273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/5/274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/6/275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/7/276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/8/277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/9/278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Thin.otf
training_data/1/279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
testing_data/2/280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/3/281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/4/282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/5/283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/6/284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/7/285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/8/286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/9/287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/nakula.ttf
training_data/1/288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/2/289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
testing_data/3/290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/4/291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/5/292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/6/293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/7/294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/8/295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/9/296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Malayalam.ttf
training_data/1/297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/2/298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/3/299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
testing_data/4/300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/5/301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/6/302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/7/303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/8/304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/9/305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Regular.otf
training_data/1/306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/6/320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/2/325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/3/326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/4/327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/5/328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/6/329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
testing_data/7/330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/8/331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/9/332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans.ttf
training_data/1/333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/8/340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/2/343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/3/344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/4/345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/5/346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/6/347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/7/348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/8/349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
testing_data/9/350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gayathri-Bold.otf
training_data/1/351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/1/360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/2/361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/3/362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/4/363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/5/364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/6/365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/7/366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/8/367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/9/368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/mitra.ttf
training_data/1/369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/2/370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/2/379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
testing_data/3/380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/4/381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/5/382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/6/383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/7/384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/8/385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/9/386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-C.ttf
training_data/1/387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/2/388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/3/389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
testing_data/4/390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/5/391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/6/392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/7/393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/8/394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/9/395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TibetanMachineUni.ttf
training_data/1/396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/7/420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Dyuthi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Meera-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/2/451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/3/452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/4/453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/5/454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/6/455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/7/456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/8/457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/9/458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/1/459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
testing_data/2/460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/3/461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/4/462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/5/463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/6/464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/7/465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/8/466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/9/467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/chandas1-2.ttf
training_data/1/468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/2/469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
testing_data/3/470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/4/471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/5/472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/6/473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/7/474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/8/475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/9/476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSans.ttf
training_data/1/477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/2/478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/3/479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
testing_data/4/480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/5/481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/6/482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/7/483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/8/484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/9/485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Tamil-Classical.ttf
training_data/1/486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/2/487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/3/488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/4/489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
testing_data/5/490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/6/491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/7/492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/8/493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/9/494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-R.ttf
training_data/1/495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/2/496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/3/497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/4/498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/5/499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
testing_data/6/500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/7/501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/8/502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/9/503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KhmerOS.ttf
training_data/1/504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/9/530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/2/532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/3/533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/4/534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/5/535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/6/536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/7/537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/8/538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
training_data/9/539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Bold.otf
testing_data/1/540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
testing_data/2/550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/3/551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/4/552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/5/553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/6/554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/7/555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/8/556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/9/557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Regular.otf
training_data/1/558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/2/568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/3/569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
testing_data/4/570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/5/571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/6/572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/7/573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/8/574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/9/575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda.ttf
training_data/1/576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/2/595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/3/596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/4/597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/5/598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/6/599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
testing_data/7/600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/8/601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/9/602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-B.ttf
training_data/1/603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/2/604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/3/605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/4/606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/5/607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/6/608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/7/609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
testing_data/8/610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/9/611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma.ttf
training_data/1/612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/9/620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/2/622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/3/623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/4/624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/5/625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/6/626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/7/627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/8/628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
training_data/9/629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree.ttf
testing_data/1/630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/2/631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/3/632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/4/633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/5/634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/6/635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/7/636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/8/637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/9/638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerifBold.ttf
training_data/1/639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
testing_data/2/640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/3/641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/4/642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/5/643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/6/644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/7/645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/8/646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/9/647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Demi.otf
training_data/1/648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/2/649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
testing_data/3/650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/4/651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/5/652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/6/653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/7/654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/8/655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/9/656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-RI.ttf
training_data/1/657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/2/658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/3/659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
testing_data/4/660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/5/661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/6/662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/7/663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/8/664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/9/665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-Book.otf
training_data/1/666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/2/667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/3/668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/4/669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
testing_data/5/670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/6/671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/7/672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/8/673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/9/674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Thin.otf
training_data/1/675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/2/685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/3/686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/4/687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/5/688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/6/689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
testing_data/7/690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/8/691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/9/692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari.ttf
training_data/1/693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/2/694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/3/695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/4/696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/5/697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/6/698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/7/699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
testing_data/8/700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/9/701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWGothic-DemiOblique.otf
training_data/1/702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/2/721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/3/722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/4/723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/5/724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/6/725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/7/726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/8/727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/9/728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Roman.otf
training_data/1/729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
testing_data/2/730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/3/731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/4/732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/5/733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/6/734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/7/735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/8/736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/9/737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pagul.ttf
training_data/1/738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/2/739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
testing_data/3/740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/4/741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/5/742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/6/743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/7/744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/8/745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/9/746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Navilu.ttf
training_data/1/747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/2/757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/3/758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/4/759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
testing_data/5/760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/6/761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/7/762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/8/763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/9/764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/sahadeva.ttf
training_data/1/765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/2/766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/3/767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/4/768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/5/769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
testing_data/6/770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/7/771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/8/772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/9/773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Bold.otf
training_data/1/774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/2/775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/3/776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/4/777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/5/778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/6/779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
testing_data/7/780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/8/781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/9/782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa.ttf
training_data/1/783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/2/784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/3/785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/4/786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/5/787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/6/788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/7/789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
testing_data/8/790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/9/791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-LightOblique.ttf
training_data/1/792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/2/793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/3/794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/4/795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/5/796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/6/797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/7/798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/8/799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
testing_data/9/800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Laksaman.ttf
training_data/1/801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/2/820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Loma-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/2/829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
testing_data/3/830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/4/831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/5/832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/6/833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/7/834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/8/835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/9/836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Gurmukhi.ttf
training_data/1/837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/2/838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/3/839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
testing_data/4/840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/5/841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/6/842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/7/843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/8/844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/9/845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Pothana2000.ttf
training_data/1/846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/2/847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/3/848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/4/849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
testing_data/5/850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/6/851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/7/852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/8/853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/9/854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Gargi.ttf
training_data/1/855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/2/856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/3/857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/4/858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/5/859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
testing_data/6/860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/7/861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/8/862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/9/863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-L.ttf
training_data/1/864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/7/870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/9/890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Waree-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/2/892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/3/893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/4/894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/5/895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/6/896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/7/897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/8/898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
training_data/9/899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansOblique.ttf
testing_data/1/900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
testing_data/2/910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/3/911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/4/912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/5/913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/6/914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/7/915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/8/916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/9/917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Bold.otf
training_data/1/918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/2/919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/4/921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/5/922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/6/923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/7/924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/8/925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/9/926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Light.ttf
training_data/1/927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/4/930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/2/937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/3/938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/4/939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
testing_data/5/940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/6/941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/7/942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/8/943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/9/944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee.ttf
training_data/1/945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/2/946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/3/947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/4/948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/5/949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
testing_data/6/950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/7/951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/8/952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/9/953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/JamrulNormal.ttf
training_data/1/954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rachana-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/2/973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/3/974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/4/975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/5/976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/6/977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/7/978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/8/979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
testing_data/9/980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/C059-Roman.otf
training_data/1/981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/2/982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/3/983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/4/984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/5/985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/6/986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/7/987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/8/988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
training_data/9/989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/vemana2000.ttf
testing_data/1/990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/2/991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/3/992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/4/993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/5/994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/6/995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/7/996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/8/997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/9/998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/ani.ttf
training_data/1/999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/2/1000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/1002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/3/1010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/1011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/1020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/2/1027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/3/1028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/4/1029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
testing_data/5/1030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/6/1031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/7/1032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/8/1033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/9/1034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush.ttf
training_data/1/1035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/2/1036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/3/1037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/4/1038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/1040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/7/1041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/8/1042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/1050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/2/1054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/3/1055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/4/1056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/5/1057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/6/1058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/7/1059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
testing_data/8/1060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/9/1061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LikhanNormal.ttf
training_data/1/1062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/2/1063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/3/1064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/4/1065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/5/1066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/6/1067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/7/1068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/8/1069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
testing_data/9/1070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusRoman-Bold.otf
training_data/1/1071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/1074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypist-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/1/1080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/2/1081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/3/1082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/4/1083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/5/1084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/6/1085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/7/1086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/8/1087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/9/1088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Bold.otf
training_data/1/1089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
testing_data/2/1090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/3/1091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/4/1092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/5/1093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/6/1094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/7/1095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/8/1096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/9/1097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/MuktiNarrowBold.ttf
training_data/1/1098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/2/1099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
testing_data/3/1100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/4/1101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/5/1102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/6/1103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/7/1104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/8/1105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/9/1106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBold.ttf
training_data/1/1107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/4/1110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSansBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/2/1117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/3/1118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/4/1119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
testing_data/5/1120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/6/1121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/7/1122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/8/1123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/9/1124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-MI.ttf
training_data/1/1125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/1126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/1127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/1128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/1129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/6/1130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/1131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/1132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/1133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/1134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/1140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/PadaukBook-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/2/1144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/3/1145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/4/1146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/5/1147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/6/1148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/7/1149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
testing_data/8/1150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/9/1151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-BoldOblique.otf
training_data/1/1152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/2/1153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/3/1154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/4/1155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/5/1156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/6/1157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/7/1158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/8/1159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
testing_data/9/1160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Demi.otf
training_data/1/1161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/1170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/2/1171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/3/1172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/4/1173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/5/1174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/6/1175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/7/1176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/8/1177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/9/1178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgMono.ttf
training_data/1/1179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
testing_data/2/1180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/3/1181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/4/1182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/5/1183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/6/1184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/7/1185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/8/1186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/9/1187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-M.ttf
training_data/1/1188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/1190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/2/1198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/3/1199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
testing_data/4/1200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/5/1201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/6/1202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/7/1203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/8/1204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/9/1205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/StandardSymbolsPS.otf
training_data/1/1206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/2/1207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/3/1208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/4/1209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
testing_data/5/1210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/6/1211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/7/1212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/8/1213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/9/1214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-BI.ttf
training_data/1/1215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/1218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/6/1220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/2/1225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/3/1226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/4/1227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/5/1228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/6/1229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
testing_data/7/1230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/8/1231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/9/1232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeSerif.ttf
training_data/1/1233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/1240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Uroob-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/2/1243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/3/1244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/4/1245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/5/1246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/6/1247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/7/1248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/8/1249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
testing_data/9/1250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSans-Regular.otf
training_data/1/1251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Padauk-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/1260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/2/1261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/3/1262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/4/1263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/5/1264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/6/1265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/7/1266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/8/1267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/9/1268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoBold.ttf
training_data/1/1269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/1270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/2/1279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
testing_data/3/1280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/4/1281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/5/1282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/6/1283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/7/1284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/8/1285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/9/1286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Telugu.ttf
training_data/1/1287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/2/1288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/3/1289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
testing_data/4/1290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/5/1291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/6/1292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/7/1293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/8/1294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/9/1295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/URWBookman-Light.otf
training_data/1/1296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/2/1297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/3/1298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/4/1299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
testing_data/5/1300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/6/1301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/7/1302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/8/1303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/9/1304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kalapi.ttf
training_data/1/1305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/2/1306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/3/1307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/4/1308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/5/1309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
testing_data/6/1310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/7/1311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/8/1312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/9/1313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Saab.ttf
training_data/1/1314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/2/1315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/3/1316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/4/1317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/5/1318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/6/1319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
testing_data/7/1320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/8/1321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/9/1322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/padmaa.ttf
training_data/1/1323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/1324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/1325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/1326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/1327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/1328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/1329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/8/1330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/1331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/1332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/2/1333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/3/1334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/4/1335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/5/1336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/6/1337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/7/1338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/8/1339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
testing_data/9/1340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Suruma.ttf
training_data/1/1341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/2/1342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/3/1343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/4/1344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/5/1345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/6/1346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/7/1347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/8/1348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
training_data/9/1349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-BI.ttf
testing_data/1/1350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/1360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sawasdee-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/2/1369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
testing_data/3/1370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/4/1371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/5/1372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/6/1373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/7/1374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/8/1375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/9/1376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/P052-Bold.otf
training_data/1/1377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/1378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/1379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/1380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/1381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/1382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/1383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/1384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/1385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Yrsa-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/1386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/2/1387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/3/1388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/4/1389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
testing_data/5/1390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/6/1391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/7/1392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/8/1393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/9/1394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/aakar-medium.ttf
training_data/1/1395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/2/1396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/3/1397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/4/1398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/5/1399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
testing_data/6/1400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/7/1401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/8/1402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/9/1403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypewriter.ttf
training_data/1/1404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/2/1405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/3/1406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/4/1407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/5/1408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/6/1409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
testing_data/7/1410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/8/1411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/9/1412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Sarai.ttf
training_data/1/1413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/2/1414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/3/1415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/4/1416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/6/1418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/7/1419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/1420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Umpush-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/2/1423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/3/1424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/4/1425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/5/1426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/6/1427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/7/1428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/8/1429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
testing_data/9/1430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Oblique.otf
training_data/1/1431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/KacstOne-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/1440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/2/1441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/3/1442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/4/1443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/5/1444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/6/1445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/7/1446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/8/1447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/9/1448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-LI.ttf
training_data/1/1449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/2/1450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/1452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Garuda-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/1460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/2/1468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/3/1469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
testing_data/4/1470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/5/1471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/6/1472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/7/1473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/8/1474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/9/1475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Kannada.ttf
training_data/1/1476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/2/1477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/3/1478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/4/1479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
testing_data/5/1480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/6/1481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/7/1482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/8/1483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/9/1484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/NimbusSansNarrow-Regular.otf
training_data/1/1485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/2/1486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/3/1487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/4/1488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/5/1489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
testing_data/6/1490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/7/1491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/8/1492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/9/1493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSerif.ttf
training_data/1/1494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/2/1495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/3/1496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/4/1497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/5/1498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/6/1499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
testing_data/7/1500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/8/1501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/9/1502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Phetsarath_OT.ttf
training_data/1/1503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/2/1504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/3/1505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/4/1506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/5/1507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/6/1508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/7/1509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
testing_data/8/1510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/9/1511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMono.ttf
training_data/1/1512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/1520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/AnjaliOldLipi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/1530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/2/1531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/3/1532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/4/1533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/5/1534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/6/1535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/7/1536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/8/1537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/9/1538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Chilanka-Regular.otf
training_data/1/1539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/1540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/TlwgTypo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/2/1549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
testing_data/3/1550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/4/1551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/5/1552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/6/1553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/7/1554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/8/1555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/9/1556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Ubuntu-Th.ttf
training_data/1/1557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
testing_data/4/1560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/FreeMonoOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/1567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/1568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/1569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/5/1570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/1571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/1572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/1573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/1574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Purisa-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/1575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/2/1576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/3/1577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/4/1578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/5/1579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
testing_data/6/1580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/7/1581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/8/1582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/9/1583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/UbuntuMono-B.ttf
training_data/1/1584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/2/1585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/3/1586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/4/1587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/5/1588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/6/1589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
testing_data/7/1590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/8/1591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/9/1592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Lohit-Assamese.ttf
training_data/1/1593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/1600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Keraleeyam-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/2/1603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/3/1604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/4/1605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/5/1606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/6/1607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/7/1608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/8/1609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
testing_data/9/1610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Manjari-Regular.otf
training_data/1/1611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/1620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/1621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/1622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/1623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/1624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/1625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/1626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/1627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/1628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Rasa-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/1629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/1630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/DejaVuSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/2/1639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
testing_data/3/1640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/4/1641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/5/1642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/6/1643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/7/1644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/8/1645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/9/1646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Norasi.ttf
training_data/1/1647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/1648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/1649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/4/1650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/1651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/1652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/1653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/1654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/1655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/linux/Kinnari-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/1656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/1660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkebono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/1670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PressStart2P-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/1680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/1684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/1685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/1686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/1687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/1688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/1689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/1690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/1691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/1692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/1693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/1694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/1695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/1696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/1697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/1698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/1699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/1700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/1701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/1710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oregano-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/1720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/1721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/1722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/1723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/1724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/1725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/1726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/1727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTammudu2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/1728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/2/1729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/1730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/4/1731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/5/1732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/6/1733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/7/1734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/8/1735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/9/1736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Faustina[wght].ttf
training_data/1/1737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/2/1738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/3/1739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/1740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/6/1742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/7/1743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/8/1744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/1750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/1760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Electrolize-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/1770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/1774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/1775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/1776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/1777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/1778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/7/1779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/1780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/9/1781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSansMono[wght].ttf
training_data/1/1782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/1783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/1784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/1785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/1786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/1787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/1788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/1789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/1790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/1791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hubballi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/1800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/1801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/1802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/1803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/1804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/1805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/1806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/1807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/1808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/1809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/1810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/1820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/1830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AguafinaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/1837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/1838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/1839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/1840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/1841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/1842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/1843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/1844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/1845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/1850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/1860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/1870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/1880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Underdog-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gulzar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/1890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/1897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/1900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/3/1901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/4/1902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/6/1904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/7/1905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/8/1906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/2/1909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/1910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/4/1911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/6/1913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/7/1914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/8/1915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/1920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/2/1927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/3/1928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/4/1929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/1930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/6/1931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/7/1932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/8/1933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/9/1934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Black.ttf
training_data/1/1935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/1936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/1937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/1938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/1939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/1940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/1941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/1942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/1943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/1944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/2/1945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/3/1946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/4/1947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/5/1948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/6/1949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/1950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/8/1951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/9/1952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Light.ttf
training_data/1/1953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/1954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/1955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/1956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/1957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/1958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/1959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/1960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/1961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/1962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/2/1963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/3/1964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/4/1965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/5/1966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/6/1967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/7/1968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/8/1969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
testing_data/9/1970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RokkittVFBeta.ttf
training_data/1/1971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/1972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/1973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/1974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/1975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/1976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/1977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/1978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/1979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/1980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/1981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/1982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/1983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/1984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/1985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/1986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/1987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/1988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Radley-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/1989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/1990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/3/1991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/4/1992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/5/1993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/6/1994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/7/1995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/8/1996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/9/1997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiFun[wght].ttf
training_data/1/1998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/1999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
testing_data/3/2000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/2001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/2002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/2003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/2004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/2005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/2006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/2007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/2010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunDodum-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/2020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/2021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/2022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/2024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/2025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/2030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HammersmithOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/2035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/2037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/2040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/2041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/2050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/2053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/2054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/2055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/2056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/2057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/2058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/2059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/2060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/2061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduQLDBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/2080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/3/2081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/4/2082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/5/2083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/6/2084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/7/2085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/8/2086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/9/2087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inter[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/1/2088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/2090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/2/2098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/3/2099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
testing_data/4/2100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/5/2101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/6/2102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/7/2103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/8/2104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/9/2105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta-Condensed.ttf
training_data/1/2106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/2109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/2110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/2113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/2114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/2119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/2120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/2121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/2123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/2124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/2125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/2126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/2127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/2128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/2129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/2130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/2131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/2132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/2133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/2140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Murecho[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/2150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/2170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oswald[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/2180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/2188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/2190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/2193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/2194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/2197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/2198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/2199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
testing_data/5/2200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/2201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/2202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/2203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/2204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/2205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/2209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/2210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/2211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/2213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/2214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/2220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSheppards-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/2230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/2240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/XanhMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/2245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/2246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/2247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/2249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/2250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/2251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/2252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/2253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/2254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/2255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/2256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/2257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/2258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/2259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/2260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendGiga[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/2270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PermanentMarker-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/2/2278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/3/2279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/2280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/5/2281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/6/2282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/7/2283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/8/2284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/9/2285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Black.ttf
training_data/1/2286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/2/2296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/3/2297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/4/2298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/5/2299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
testing_data/6/2300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/7/2301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/8/2302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/9/2303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf
training_data/1/2304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/2310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/2314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/2316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/2319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/2320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/2323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/2324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/2325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/2326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/2327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/2328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/2329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
testing_data/9/2330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/2331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DidactGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/2343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/2344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/2347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/2348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/2350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Righteous-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/2360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rasa[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/2370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/2390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/2398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/2399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/2400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/2402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/2403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/2410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/2420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreteRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/2440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/2442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/2443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/2446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/2447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/2/2449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
testing_data/3/2450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/4/2451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/5/2452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/6/2453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/7/2454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/8/2455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/9/2456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpanded.ttf
training_data/1/2457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/2460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/2461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/2464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/2465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/2480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/2485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/2487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/2490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/2491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/2500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gafata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/2510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buda-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KumbhSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/2520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/2/2521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/3/2522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/4/2523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/5/2524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/6/2525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/7/2526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/8/2527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/9/2528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coustard-Black.ttf
training_data/1/2529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
testing_data/2/2530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/3/2531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/4/2532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/5/2533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/6/2534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/7/2535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/8/2536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/9/2537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/1/2538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/2540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FreckleFace-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/2550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smooch-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/2566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/2567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/2568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/2569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/6/2570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/2571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/2572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/2573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/2574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/2575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/2576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/2577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/2578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/2579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/2580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/2581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/2582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/2583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/2/2584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/3/2585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/4/2586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/5/2587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/6/2588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/7/2589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/2590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/9/2591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.ttf
training_data/1/2592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/2593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/2594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/2595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/2596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/2597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/2598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/2599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/2600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/2601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverpassMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/2610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/2620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoorStory-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/2629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/2630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/2631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/2632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/2633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/2634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/2635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/2636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/2637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/2640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/2660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiHentaiganaAkari-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/2670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/2680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/2685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/2686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/2689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/2690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/2/2692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/3/2693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/4/2694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/5/2695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/6/2696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/7/2697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/8/2698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
training_data/9/2699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf
testing_data/1/2700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/2701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/2702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/2703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/2704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/2705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/2706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/2707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/2708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/2709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/2710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeckerliOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/2720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/2730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/6/2732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Epilogue[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/2740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroBangla-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/2746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/2747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/2748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/2749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/2750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/2751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/2752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/2753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/2754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/2760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/2/2764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/3/2765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/4/2766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/5/2767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/6/2768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/7/2769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
testing_data/8/2770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/9/2771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Tamil.ttf
training_data/1/2772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/2773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/2774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/2775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/2776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/2777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/2778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/2779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/2780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/2781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NicoMoji-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
testing_data/2/2800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/2801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/2802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/2803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/2804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/2805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/2806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/2807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/2808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/2809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
testing_data/3/2810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/2811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/2812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/2813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/2814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/2815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/2816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/2817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/2820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAce-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/2827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/2828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/2829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/2830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/2831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/2832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/2833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/2834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DynaPuff[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/2835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/2836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/2837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/2838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/2839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
testing_data/6/2840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/2841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/2842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/2843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/2844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/2845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/2847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/2850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/2851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/2856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/2857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/2858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/2859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/2860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/2861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/2862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/2870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RhodiumLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/2890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/2891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/2892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/2893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/2894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/2895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/2896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/2897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/2898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/2900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/2910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sacramento-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/2920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/8/2923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/2/2926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/3/2927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/4/2928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/5/2929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/2930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/7/2931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/8/2932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/9/2933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendExa[wght].ttf
training_data/1/2934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/2935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/2936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/2937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/2938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/2939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/2940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/2941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/2942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/2943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/2/2944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/3/2945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/4/2946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/5/2947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/6/2948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/7/2949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/2950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/9/2951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/1/2952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/2960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MoonDance-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiteOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/2970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/2971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/2980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/2981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/2982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/2983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/2984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/2985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/2986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/2987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/2988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/2/2989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
testing_data/3/2990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/4/2991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/5/2992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/6/2993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/7/2994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/8/2995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/9/2996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Devanagari.ttf
training_data/1/2997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/2998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/2999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/3000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/3010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/3020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/3030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/3040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranchers-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/3060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/3070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/3071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/3072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/3073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/3074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/3075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/3076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/3077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/3078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/3080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/3090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/3100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petemoss-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/3110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/3120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/3130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SlacksideOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/3140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/3150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spirax-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/3160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/3169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/3170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/3171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/3172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/3173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/3174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/3175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/3176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/3177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/3178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/3179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/4/3180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/3181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/3182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/3183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/3184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/3185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoSerif[GRAD,opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/3186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/3190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sniglet-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/3196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/3197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/3198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/3199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/3200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/3201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/3202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/3203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/3204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/3210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/3220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Katibeh-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/3223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/3224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/3225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/3226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/3227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/3228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/3229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/3230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/3231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/2/3241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/3/3242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/4/3243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/5/3244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/6/3245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/7/3246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/8/3247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/9/3248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/1/3249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/3250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKurenaido-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/3260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/3268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/3269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/3270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/3271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/3272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/3273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/3274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/3275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/3276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/3280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/2/3286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/3/3287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/4/3288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/5/3289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
testing_data/6/3290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/7/3291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/8/3292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/9/3293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PodkovaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/1/3294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/3300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/3304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/3305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/3306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/3307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/3308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/3309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
testing_data/8/3310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/3311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/3312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/3313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/3314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/3315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/3316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/3317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/3318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/3319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/3320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/3321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/2/3322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/3/3323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/4/3324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/5/3325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/6/3326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/7/3327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/8/3328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
training_data/9/3329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yrsa[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/3330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/3340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/3350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/3360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/3370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/3380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/3390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/3400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariSanskrit-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/3421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/3422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/3423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/3424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/3425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/3426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/3427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/3428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/3429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
testing_data/2/3430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/3431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/3432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/3433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/3434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/3435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/3436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/3437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/3438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/3439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/3440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/3441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/3442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/3443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/3444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/3445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/3446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/3447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/2/3448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/3/3449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/3450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/5/3451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/6/3452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/7/3453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/8/3454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/9/3455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Light.ttf
training_data/1/3456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/3460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/3470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gabriela-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/3480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KeaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/3490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NTR-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/3510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/3520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuranColored-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/3530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/3540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntiqueSoft-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/3550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/2/3556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/3/3557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/4/3558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/5/3559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/3560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/7/3561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/8/3562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/9/3563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Black.ttf
training_data/1/3564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/3570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fascinate-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/2/3574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/3/3575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/4/3576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/5/3577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/6/3578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/7/3579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/3580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/9/3581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/1/3582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VT323-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montez-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/3610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/2/3619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
testing_data/3/3620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/4/3621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/5/3622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/6/3623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/7/3624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/8/3625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/9/3626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Black.ttf
training_data/1/3627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/2/3628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/3/3629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/3630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/5/3631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/6/3632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/7/3633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/8/3634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/9/3635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Light.ttf
training_data/1/3636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/3637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/3638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/3639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/3640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/3641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/3642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/3643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/3644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Literata[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/3645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/3650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/3660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/3670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/3673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/3674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/3675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/3676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/3677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/3678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/3679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/3680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/3681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/3700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/3710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/3718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/3719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/3720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/3721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/3722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/3723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/3724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/3725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/3726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/3730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eater-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/3740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/2/3745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/3/3746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/4/3747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/5/3748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/6/3749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
testing_data/7/3750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/8/3751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/9/3752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENsc28P.ttf
training_data/1/3753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/3760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/3761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/3781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/3782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/3783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/3784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/3785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/3786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/3787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/3788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/3789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/3790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/3791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/3792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/3793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/3794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/3795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/3796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/3797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTelugu[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/3798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/3800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/3808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/3809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
testing_data/4/3810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/3811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/3812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/3813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/3814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/3815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/3816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/3820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/3822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/3830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/3835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/3836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/3837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/3838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/3839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/3840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/3841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/3842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/3843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/3850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JotiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/3853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/3854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/3855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/3856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/3857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/3858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/3859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/3860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/3861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/2/3862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/3/3863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/4/3864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/5/3865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/6/3866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/7/3867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/8/3868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
training_data/9/3869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf
testing_data/1/3870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
testing_data/2/3880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/3/3881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/4/3882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/5/3883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/6/3884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/7/3885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/8/3886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/9/3887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaRound.ttf
training_data/1/3888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/2/3889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/3890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/4/3891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/5/3892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/6/3893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/7/3894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/8/3895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/9/3896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Light.ttf
training_data/1/3897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/3898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/3899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/3900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/3901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/3902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/3903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/3904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/3905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/3906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/2/3907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/3/3908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/4/3909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
testing_data/5/3910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/6/3911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/7/3912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/8/3913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/9/3914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCit28P.ttf
training_data/1/3915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/3920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/3922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/3925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/3926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/3927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/3928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/3929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/3930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/3931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/3932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooPaaji2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/3933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/3934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/3935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/3936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/3937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/3938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/3939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/3940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/3941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/3942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/3950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/3960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackHanSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/3970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/3/3971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/4/3972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/5/3973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/6/3974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/7/3975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/8/3976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/9/3977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kreon[wght].ttf
training_data/1/3978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/3980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/3982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/3983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/3984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/3985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/3986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/3987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/2/3988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/3/3989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/3990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/5/3991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/6/3992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/7/3993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/8/3994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/9/3995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaSC[wght].ttf
training_data/1/3996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/3997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/3998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/3999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/4000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/4010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/4020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Slackey-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/4024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/4025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/4026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/4027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/4028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/4029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/4030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/4031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/4032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/4040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/4050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/4060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/3/4061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/4/4062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/5/4063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/6/4064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/7/4065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/8/4066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/9/4067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Recursive[CASL,CRSV,MONO,slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/1/4068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stalemate-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/2/4078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/3/4079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
testing_data/4/4080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/5/4081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/6/4082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/7/4083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/8/4084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/9/4085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.ttf
training_data/1/4086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/4087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/4088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/4089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
testing_data/5/4090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/4091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/4092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/4093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/4094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/4095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/4096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/4097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/4098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/4099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/4100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/4101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/4102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/4103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/4104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/4110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stylish-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/4120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/2/4123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/3/4124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/4/4125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/5/4126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/6/4127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/7/4128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/8/4129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
testing_data/9/4130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit.ttf
training_data/1/4131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/4140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/4150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JimNightshade-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/4160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cairo[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/4170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReggaeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/4180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/4190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/4200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DancingScript[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/4208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/4210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/4220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/4230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/2/4231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/3/4232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/4/4233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/5/4234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/6/4235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/7/4236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/8/4237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/9/4238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Light.ttf
training_data/1/4239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/2/4240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/4241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/4242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/4243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/4244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/4245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/4246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/4247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/4248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/4260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FamiljenGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/4270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/4276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/4277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/4278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/4279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/4280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/4281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/4282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/4283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/4284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/4290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Crushed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/2/4294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/3/4295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/4/4296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/5/4297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/6/4298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/7/4299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
testing_data/8/4300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/9/4301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf
training_data/1/4302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/2/4303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/3/4304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/4/4305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/5/4306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/6/4307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/7/4308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/8/4309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/4310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Black.ttf
training_data/1/4311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/4320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/4330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeeraInimai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/2/4348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/3/4349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
testing_data/4/4350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/5/4351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/6/4352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/7/4353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/8/4354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/9/4355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasB.ttf
training_data/1/4356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/4357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/4358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/4359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/4360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/4361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/4362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/4363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/4364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/4365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/4370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/4375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/4376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/4377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/4378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/4379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/4380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/4381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/4382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/4383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/4390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/4400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metamorphous-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/2/4402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/3/4403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/4/4404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/5/4405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/6/4406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/7/4407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/8/4408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
training_data/9/4409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/4410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MerriweatherSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/4420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Preahvihear-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TwinkleStar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/4440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galdeano-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/4450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/4451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/4460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/4470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/4474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/4475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/4476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/4477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/4478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/4479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/4480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/4481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/4482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/4490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/4500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/4510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/3/4511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/4/4512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/5/4513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/6/4514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/7/4515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/8/4516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/9/4517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Light.ttf
training_data/1/4518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/4519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/3/4520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/4521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/4522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/4523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/4524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/4525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/4526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekTamil[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/4527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/2/4528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/3/4529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
testing_data/4/4530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/5/4531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/6/4532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/7/4533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/8/4534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/9/4535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CairoPlay[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/1/4536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/4540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/4550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/4560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooThambi2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/4570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LongCang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/4580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NATS-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/4590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedRose[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/4600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strait-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comforter-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/4620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KosugiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/4630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/4640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/4650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EBGaramond[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/4660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/4663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/4664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/4665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/4666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/4667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/4668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/4669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/4670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/4671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/4680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
testing_data/2/4690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/3/4691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/4/4692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/5/4693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/6/4694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/7/4695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/8/4696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/9/4697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf
training_data/1/4698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/2/4699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/4700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/4/4701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/5/4702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/6/4703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/7/4704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/8/4705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/9/4706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Light.ttf
training_data/1/4707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/4710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/4712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/4717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/4718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/4719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/4720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/4721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/4722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/4723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/4724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/4725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/4730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/4740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Heebo[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/4744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/4745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/4746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/5/4747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/4748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/4749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/8/4750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/4751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/4752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/4760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Milonga-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/2/4762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/3/4763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/4/4764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/5/4765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/6/4766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/7/4767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/8/4768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
training_data/9/4769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Zeyada.ttf
testing_data/1/4770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
testing_data/2/4780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/4781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/4782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/4783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/4784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/4785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/4786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/4787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/4788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/4790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/4795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/4800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/4810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tauri-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/4820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galada-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/4830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/4838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/4839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/4840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/4841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/4842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/4847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/4850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sriracha-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/4860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/4861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/4862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/4863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/4864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/4865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/4866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/4867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/4868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/4869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/4870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allerta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/2/4888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/3/4889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/4890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/5/4891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/6/4892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/7/4893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/8/4894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/9/4895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Light.ttf
training_data/1/4896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/4900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MouseMemoirs-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/2/4906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/3/4907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/4/4908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/5/4909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
testing_data/6/4910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/7/4911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/8/4912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/9/4913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PollerOne.ttf
training_data/1/4914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/4920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatMono[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/4930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Estonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/4940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imprima-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/4943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miniver-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/4950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/2/4951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/3/4952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/4/4953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/5/4954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/6/4955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/7/4956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/8/4957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/9/4958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruda[wght].ttf
training_data/1/4959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/4960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/4962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/4969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/4970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/4971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/4972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/4973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/4974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/4975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/4976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/4977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/4978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/4979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/4980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/4981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/4982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/4983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/4984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/4985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/4986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/2/4987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/3/4988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/4/4989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/4990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/6/4991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/7/4992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/8/4993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/9/4994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf
training_data/1/4995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/4996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/4997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/4998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/4999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/5000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/5010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Light.ttf
training_data/1/5013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/5020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/5030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/5040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/5060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/5070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/3/5078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/4/5079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/5080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/7/5082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/8/5083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSans3[wght].ttf
training_data/1/5085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/5090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/5100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/5110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/5120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sintony-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/5130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RussoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/5150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/5153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/2/5158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/3/5159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/5160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/5/5161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/6/5162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/7/5163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/8/5164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/9/5165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Black.ttf
training_data/1/5166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/5180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/2/5185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/3/5186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/4/5187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/5/5188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/6/5189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
testing_data/7/5190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/8/5191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/9/5192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf
training_data/1/5193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/3/5195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/4/5196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/5/5197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/7/5199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/5200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed[wght].ttf
training_data/1/5202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/2/5203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/3/5204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/4/5205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/5/5206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/6/5207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/7/5208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/8/5209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/5210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Black.ttf
training_data/1/5211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/5220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lobster-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/5240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/5249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/5250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/5251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/5253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/5254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ExpletusSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/5256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpecialElite-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/5270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/5280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Light.ttf
training_data/1/5283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/5290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/5293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/5294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/5295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/5296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/5297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/5298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/5299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/5300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/5301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/5302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/5303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/5304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/5305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/5306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/5307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/5308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/5309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Georama[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/1/5310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/7/5316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/1/5319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FaunaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/5330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/5340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/5360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/5366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/5367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/5368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/5370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/5371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SplineSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/5373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/5374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/5375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/5376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/5377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/5378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/5379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/5380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/5381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/5382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/5390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/5396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/1/5400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/5410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/5411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/5412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/5413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/5414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/5415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/5416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/5417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/5418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/5420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ledger-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/5430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/5450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gotu-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/5459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/5460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/5470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroKannada-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/5480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/7/5487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/5490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/5496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/5499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/5500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/5510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/5520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/5530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/5540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/5550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/5554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/5555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/5556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/5557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/5558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/5559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/5560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/5561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/5562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/5570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Schoolbell-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OtomanopeeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/5580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/5581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/5582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/5583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/5584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/5585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/5586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/5587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/5588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/5589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/5590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/5591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/5592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/5593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/5594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/5595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/5596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/5597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wonky[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/5598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/2/5599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
testing_data/3/5600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/4/5601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/5/5602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/6/5603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/7/5604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/8/5605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/9/5606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/1/5607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/2/5608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/3/5609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
testing_data/4/5610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/5/5611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/6/5612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/7/5613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/8/5614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/9/5615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarterOne.ttf
training_data/1/5616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/5620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/5622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/5630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/5640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiBoku-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/5650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Romanesco-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/5653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/5654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/5655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/5656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/5657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/5658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/5659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/5660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/5661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/6/5666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/7/5667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/5670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/2/5671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/3/5672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/4/5673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/5/5674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/6/5675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/7/5676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/8/5677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/9/5678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Black.ttf
training_data/1/5679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/5680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/3/5681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/4/5682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/5/5683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/6/5684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/7/5685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/8/5686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/9/5687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Black.ttf
training_data/1/5688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/5690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/5698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/5699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/5700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/5701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/5702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/5703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/5704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/5705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/5706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Splash-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/2/5716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/3/5717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/4/5718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/5/5719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
testing_data/6/5720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/7/5721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/8/5722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/9/5723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Expanded.ttf
training_data/1/5724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/5729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/5730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/5732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/5734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/5735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/5736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/5737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/5738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/5739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/5740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/5741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/5742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/2/5743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/3/5744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/4/5745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/5/5746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/6/5747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/7/5748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/8/5749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/5750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Black.ttf
training_data/1/5751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/5752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/5753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/5754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/5755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/5756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/5757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/5758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/5759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/5760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansCollegiateOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/5780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/5790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Convergence-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/5797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/5798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/5799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/5800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/5801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/5802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/5803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/5804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/5805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/2/5806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/3/5807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/4/5808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/5/5809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/5810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/7/5811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/8/5812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/9/5813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf
training_data/1/5814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/5820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/5830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/5833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/5834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/5835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/5836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/5837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/5838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/5839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/5840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/5841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/5843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/4/5844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/5/5845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/5847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/8/5848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonText[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/5850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/5851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/5852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/5853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/5854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/5855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/5856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/5857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/5858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/5859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/5860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/5861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/5862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/5863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/5864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/5865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/5866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/5867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/5868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/5869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/5870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/5871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/5872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/5873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/5874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/5875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/5876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WorkSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/5877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/5880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/5887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/5888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/5889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
testing_data/5/5890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/5891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/5892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/5893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/5894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/5895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/5900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MsMadi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/5905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/5906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/5907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/5908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/5909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/5910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/5911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/5912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/5913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/5920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/5923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/5924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/5925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/5926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/5927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/5928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/5929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/5930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekBangla[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/5931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Engagement-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/5940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/5950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DaysOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/5960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/5961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/5968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/5969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/5970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/5971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/5972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/5973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/5974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/5975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/5976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/5980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/5990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/5991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/5992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/5993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dynalight-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/5994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/5995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/5996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/5997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/5998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/5999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/6000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/6010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarckScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/6022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/6023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/6024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/6025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/6026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/6027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/6028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/6029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Thin.ttf
testing_data/1/6030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/6040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/6050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Devonshire-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/2/6067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/4/6069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/6070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/7/6072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Eczar[wght].ttf
training_data/1/6075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/6080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/6086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/6090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/6100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/6120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/6121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/6122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/6123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/6124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/6125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/6126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/6127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/6128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/6129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/6130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/6140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/6160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/2/6166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/3/6167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/4/6168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/5/6169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/6170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/7/6171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/8/6172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/9/6173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/1/6174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/6176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/6180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Adamina-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/6200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/6202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/6203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/6204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/6205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/6206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/6207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/6208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/6209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/6210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/6212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/6220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/4/6222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/5/6223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/7/6225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overpass[wght].ttf
training_data/1/6228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/6230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/6239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/6240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/6247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/6248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/6249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/6250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/6251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/6252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/6253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/6254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/6255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/6257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/6260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/6265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/6266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/6267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/6268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/6269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/6270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/6271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/6272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/6273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/6290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/6292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/6293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/6294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/6295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/6296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/6297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/6298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/6299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/6300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/6310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/6320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DotGothic16-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/6337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/6338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/6339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/6340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/6341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/6342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/6343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/6344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/6345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/6350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/2/6355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/4/6357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/5/6358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/6360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Outfit[wght].ttf
training_data/1/6363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansInlineOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/2/6382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/3/6383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/4/6384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/5/6385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/6/6386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/7/6387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/8/6388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
training_data/9/6389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neucha.ttf
testing_data/1/6390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/6400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CraftyGirls-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/6409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
testing_data/3/6410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/6411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/6412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/6413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/6414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/6415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/6416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/6417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/2/6427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/3/6428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/4/6429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/6430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/6/6431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/7/6432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/8/6433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/9/6434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Black.ttf
training_data/1/6435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/2/6436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/3/6437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/4/6438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/5/6439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
testing_data/6/6440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/7/6441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/8/6442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/9/6443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lohit-Bengali.ttf
training_data/1/6444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/6450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/2/6463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/3/6464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/4/6465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/5/6466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/6/6467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/7/6468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/8/6469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
testing_data/9/6470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapVFBeta.ttf
training_data/1/6471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/6480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/2/6481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/4/6483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/5/6484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/7/6486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemonada[wght].ttf
training_data/1/6489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/6490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taprom-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/6500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoMath-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/2/6508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/6510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/5/6511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/7/6513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduVICWANTBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/1/6516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/6517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/6518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/6519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/6520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/6521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/6522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/6523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/6524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/6525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/6526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/6527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/6528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/6529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/6530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/6531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/6532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/6533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/6534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/6540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PirataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/2/6562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/3/6563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/4/6564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/5/6565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/6/6566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/7/6567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/8/6568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
training_data/9/6569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrenzeGotisch[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/6570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/6571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/6572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/6573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/6574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/6575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/6576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/6577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/6578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/6579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/6580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/6589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/6590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/6591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/6592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/6593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/6594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/6595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/6596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/6597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/2/6598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/3/6599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
testing_data/4/6600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/5/6601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/6/6602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/7/6603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/8/6604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/9/6605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Condensed.ttf
training_data/1/6606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/2/6607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/3/6608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/4/6609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/6610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/6/6611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/7/6612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/8/6613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/9/6614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Black.ttf
training_data/1/6615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/6620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/6630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sen-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niconne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSDidot-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/6660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeauRivage-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/6670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/6680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/2/6688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/3/6689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
testing_data/4/6690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/5/6691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/6/6692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/7/6693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/8/6694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/9/6695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/1/6696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/6700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/6710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/2/6715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/3/6716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/4/6717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/5/6718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/6/6719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
testing_data/7/6720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/8/6721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/9/6722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/1/6723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EricaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/6740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/6750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/6760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/6770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/2/6778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/3/6779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/6780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/5/6781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/6/6782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/7/6783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/8/6784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/9/6785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Black.ttf
training_data/1/6786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/6790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/8/6793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/6796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/6800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/6810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/6820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Benne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/6823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/6824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/6825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/6826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/6827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/6828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/6829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/6830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/6831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Babylonica-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/6840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Telex-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/6850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/6851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/6852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/6853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/6854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/6855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/6856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/6857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/6858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/6860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/6880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/6886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/6887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/6888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/6889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
testing_data/6/6890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/6891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/6892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/6893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/6894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/6900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Souliyo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/2/6904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/3/6905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/4/6906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/5/6907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/6/6908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/7/6909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/6910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/9/6911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Light.ttf
training_data/1/6912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/6920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLKuaiLe-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/6930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
testing_data/2/6940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/3/6941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/4/6942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/5/6943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/6/6944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/7/6945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/8/6946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/9/6947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeGPit28P.ttf
training_data/1/6948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/6949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/6950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/6951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/6952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/6953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/6954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/6955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/6956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/6957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/6960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZhiMangXing-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/6970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/6971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EastSeaDokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/6976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/6977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/6978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/6979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/6980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/6981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/6982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/6983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/6984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/2/6985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/3/6986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/4/6987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/5/6988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/6/6989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
testing_data/7/6990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/8/6991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/9/6992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Black.ttf
training_data/1/6993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/6994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/6995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/6996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/6997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/6998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/6999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/7000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/7002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/7010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/7020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Habibi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/7030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fuggles-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/7070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaSwashed[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/7080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bilbo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/7093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/7094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/7095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/7096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/7097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/7098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/7099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/7100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/7101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/7110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/7120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/7129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/7130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/7131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/7132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/7133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/7134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/7135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/7136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/7137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Risque-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/2/7156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/3/7157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/4/7158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/5/7159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/7160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/7/7161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/8/7162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/9/7163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Black.ttf
training_data/1/7164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/7170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kings-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/7190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/7192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/7193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/7194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/7195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/7196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/7197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/7198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/1/7200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/2/7201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/3/7202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/4/7203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/5/7204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/6/7205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/7/7206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/8/7207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/9/7208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Black.ttf
training_data/1/7209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/7210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/7230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/7237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/7238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/7239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/7240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/7241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/7242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/7243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/7244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/7245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/7250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/7255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/7256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/7257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/7258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/7259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
testing_data/7/7260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/7261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/7262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/7263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/7270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/7280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HomemadeApple-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BethEllen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/7290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spartan[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/7300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegative[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/7310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/7318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/7319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/7320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/7321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/7322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/7323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/7324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/7326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/7340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/7350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/7360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Astloch-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/7363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/7364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/7365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/7366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/7367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/7368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/7369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/7370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fraunces[SOFT,WONK,opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/7371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/7372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/7373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/7374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/7375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/7376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/7377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/7378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/1/7380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YatraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/7390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Explora-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmilysCandy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/2/7408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/3/7409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/7410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/5/7411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/6/7412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/7/7413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/8/7414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/9/7415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Black.ttf
training_data/1/7416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Damion-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/7430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlakaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/7440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/7460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/7470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/2/7471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/3/7472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/4/7473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/5/7474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/6/7475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/7/7476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/8/7477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/9/7478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensed.ttf
training_data/1/7479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/7480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/7481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/7482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/7483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/7484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/7485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/7486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/7487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/7488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CevicheOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/7510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/7520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/7525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/7526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/7527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/7528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/7529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/7530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/7531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/7532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/7533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KolkerBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/7550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooTamma2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/7560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rochester-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/7570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/7/7575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moulpali-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/7588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/7589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/4/7590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/7591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/7592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/7593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/7594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/7595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGujarati[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/7596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/7610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoadRage-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/7620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitanOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/7640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/2/7642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/3/7643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/4/7644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/5/7645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/6/7646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/7/7647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/8/7648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
training_data/9/7649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Black.ttf
testing_data/1/7650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cinzel[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/7660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hind-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metal-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fruktur-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/7696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/7697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/7698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/7699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/6/7700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/7701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/7702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/7703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerif4[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/7704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/7710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/2/7714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/3/7715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/4/7716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/5/7717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/6/7718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/7/7719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
testing_data/8/7720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/9/7721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GiveYouGlory.ttf
training_data/1/7722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/7730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Genos[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gurajada-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/7740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cuprum[wght].ttf
training_data/1/7749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/7750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/7759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/7760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/7761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/7762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/7763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/7764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/7765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/7767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/7770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/2/7777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/3/7778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/4/7779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
testing_data/5/7780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/6/7781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/7/7782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/8/7783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/9/7784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBold.ttf
training_data/1/7785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/7786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/7787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/7788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/7789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/7790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/7791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/7792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/7793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/7794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/2/7795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/3/7796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/4/7797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/5/7798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/6/7799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/7800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/8/7801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/9/7802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Light.ttf
training_data/1/7803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/7804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/7805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/7806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/7807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/7808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/7809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/7810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/7811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/7812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/7820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SirinStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/2/7822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/3/7823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/4/7824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/5/7825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/6/7826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/7/7827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/8/7828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
training_data/9/7829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syne[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/7830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/7831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/7832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/7833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/7834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/7835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/7836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/7837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/7838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/7839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/7840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaShanZheng-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/7849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/7850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/7851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/7852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/7853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/7854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/7855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/7856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/7857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VujahdayScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/7870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/7880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/7890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MissFajardose-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/7900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/7909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/7910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/2/7912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/3/7913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/4/7914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/5/7915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/6/7916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/7/7917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/8/7918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
training_data/9/7919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chenla.ttf
testing_data/1/7920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
testing_data/2/7930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/7931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/7932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/7933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/7934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/7935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/7936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/7937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/7938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/7940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/7950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Satisfy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/7960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariHindi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/7970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpicyRice-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/7980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/7982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MetalMania-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/7983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/7984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/7985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/7986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/7987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/7988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/7989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/7990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/7991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/7992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/7993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/7994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/7995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/7996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/7997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/7998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/7999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/8010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/8019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/8020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/2/8029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
testing_data/3/8030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/4/8031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/5/8032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/6/8033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/7/8034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/8/8035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/9/8036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Meddon.ttf
training_data/1/8037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Moul-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/8050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/8060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/8070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/8080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/8090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/8092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/8093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/8094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/8095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/8096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/8097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/8098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/8099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/8100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/8110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/3/8111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/4/8112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/5/8113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/6/8114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/7/8115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/8/8116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/9/8117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Black.ttf
training_data/1/8118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/8120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lalezar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/8130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/8136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/8140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/8150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/8160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/8170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Offside-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/8190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/8200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/8210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Capriola-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almendra-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/8230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/8240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ubuntu-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/8250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomolhari-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/8260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/8270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/8280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/8290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/8298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/8300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/2/8317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/3/8318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/4/8319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
testing_data/5/8320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/6/8321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/7/8322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/8/8323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/9/8324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DawningofaNewDay.ttf
training_data/1/8325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/8330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Silkscreen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/8340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/8350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Playball-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MateSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/8370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/2/8371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/3/8372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/4/8373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/5/8374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/6/8375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/7/8376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/8/8377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/9/8378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ElMessiri[wght].ttf
training_data/1/8379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/8380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AutourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/8390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/8400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/8410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibur-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/2/8416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/3/8417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/4/8418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/5/8419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
testing_data/6/8420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/7/8421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/8/8422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/9/8423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Megrim.ttf
training_data/1/8424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/2/8425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/3/8426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/4/8427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/5/8428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/6/8429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
testing_data/7/8430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/8/8431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/9/8432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/1/8433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/8434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/8435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/8436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/8437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/8438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/8439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/8440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/8441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/8442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/2/8452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/3/8453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/4/8454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/5/8455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/6/8456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/7/8457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/8/8458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
training_data/9/8459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hahmlet[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/8460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/8469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/8470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DoHyeon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/8480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/8497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/8498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/8499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/8500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/8501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/8502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/8503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/8504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/8505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/8510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/8520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/8530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroDevanagariMarathi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/8550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marvel-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/8560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/8570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/8580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/8590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdibeeSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/8596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/8597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/8598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/8599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/6/8600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/8601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/8602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/8603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/8604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/8610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/8620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sumana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farsan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/8640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/8650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoetsenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/8660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofadiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/8677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/8678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/8679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/8680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/8681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/8682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/8683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/8684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/8685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/8686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/8687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/8688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/8689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/8690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/8691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/8692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/8693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/8694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/8695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/8696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/8697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/8698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/8699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/8700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/8701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/8702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/8703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/8710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/8720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/8730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dangrek-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
testing_data/2/8740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/8741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/8742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/8743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/8744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/8745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/8746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/8747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/8748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/8750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Griffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Combo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/8770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/8780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NuosuSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/2/8785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/3/8786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/4/8787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/5/8788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/6/8789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/8790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/8/8791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/9/8792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arimo[wght].ttf
training_data/1/8793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/8800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/8810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IrishGrover-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/8812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/8813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/8814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/8815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/8816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/8817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/8818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/8819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/8820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/8821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/8830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/8831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/8832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/8833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/8834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/8835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/8836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/8837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/8838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/8840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/8857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/8858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/8859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/8860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/8861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/8862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/8863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/8864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/8865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/8870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/8872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/8880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/8890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prociono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/8893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/8894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/8895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/8896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/8897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/8898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/8899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/8900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/8901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-DemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/8910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantataOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/8920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/8921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/8922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/8923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/8924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/8925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/8926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/8927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/8928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/8930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/6/8933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/8940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/8950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/8952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigelowRules-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/2/8956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/3/8957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/4/8958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/5/8959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/8960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/7/8961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/8/8962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/9/8963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Light.ttf
training_data/1/8964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/8965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/8966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/8967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/8968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/8969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/8970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/8971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/8972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/8973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/8974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/8975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/8976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/8977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/8978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/8979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/8980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/8981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/8982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/8983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/8984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/8985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/8986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/8987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/8988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/8989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/8990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/8991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/8992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/8993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/8994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/8995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/8996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/8997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/8998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/8999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/9000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/9010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeymourOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/9020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/4/9021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/7/9024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/9/9026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Light.ttf
training_data/1/9027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/9030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alice-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/9060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchitectsDaughter-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/9070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OdorMeanChey-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/9080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DellaRespira-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/9090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/9100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/3/9101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/4/9102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/5/9103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/6/9104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/7/9105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/8/9106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/9/9107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Black.ttf
training_data/1/9108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/2/9109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
testing_data/3/9110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/4/9111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/5/9112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/6/9113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/7/9114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/8/9115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/9/9116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/1/9117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/9120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/9121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nobile-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/9150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/9160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/9166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/9170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/9172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/9173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/9174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/9175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/9176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/9177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/9178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/9179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/9180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/9181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/9182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/9183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/9184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/9185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/9186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/9187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/9188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/9189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
testing_data/2/9190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/3/9191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/4/9192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/5/9193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/6/9194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/7/9195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/8/9196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/9/9197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedievalSharp.ttf
training_data/1/9198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/9199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
testing_data/3/9200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/9201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/9202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/9203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/9204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/9205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/9206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/9207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/3/9209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/9210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/7/9213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/9/9215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Light.ttf
training_data/1/9216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/2/9217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/3/9218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/4/9219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/9220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/6/9221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/7/9222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/8/9223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/9/9224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mohave[wght].ttf
training_data/1/9225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MergeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/9235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/9240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/9241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/9250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RalewayDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/9260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OrelegaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/9270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShortStack-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/9280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/9290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SigmarOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OoohBaby-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/9310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tharlon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/9325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/9330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/9331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/9334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/9335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/9336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/9337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/9338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/9339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/9340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/9341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/9342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/9350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/9352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/9353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/4/9354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/5/9355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/9356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/9357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/8/9358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/9359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/9360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/9370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/9375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/9376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/9379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/9380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/9381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/9382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/9383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/9384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/9385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/9386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/9387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ole-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/9400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/9415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/9416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/9417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/9418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/9419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
testing_data/7/9420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/9421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/9422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/9423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/9430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tapestry-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/9440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/2/9442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/3/9443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/4/9444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/5/9445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/6/9446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/7/9447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/8/9448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
training_data/9/9449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf
testing_data/1/9450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/9460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/9465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/9466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/9470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustAnotherHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/3/9479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/9480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/7/9483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/9/9485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Light.ttf
training_data/1/9486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allison-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voces-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/9510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarumadropOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/9514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/9519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/9520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/9530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/9532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/9533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/9534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/9535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/9536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/9537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/9538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/9539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Thin.ttf
testing_data/1/9540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/9550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/2/9559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
testing_data/3/9560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/4/9561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/5/9562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/6/9563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/7/9564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/8/9565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/9/9566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/1/9567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cookie-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/9590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/9596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/9597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/9600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/9/9602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/1/9603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/2/9604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/3/9605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/4/9606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/5/9607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/6/9608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/7/9609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
testing_data/8/9610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/9/9611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSlim.ttf
training_data/1/9612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/3/9614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/4/9615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/7/9618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/9620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Light.ttf
training_data/1/9621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/9622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/9623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/9624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/9625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/9626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/9627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/9628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/9629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedBlack.ttf
testing_data/1/9630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Macondo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/9640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kosugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/9649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/9650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/9651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/9652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/9653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/9654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/9655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/9656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/9657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baumans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/9679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/9680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/9690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fasthand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/9700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/9703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/9704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/9705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/9706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/9707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/9708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/9709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/9710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Archivo[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/9711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/9720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/9730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KronaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/9740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DonegalOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brawler-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/9757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/9758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/9759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/9760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/9761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/9762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/9763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/9764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/9765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/9770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/9780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrancoisOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/9790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/9793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/9794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/9795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/9796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/9797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/9798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/9799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/9800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/9801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/2/9802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/3/9803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/4/9804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/5/9805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/6/9806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/7/9807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/8/9808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
training_data/9/9809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasR.ttf
testing_data/1/9810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/9820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruthie-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/9830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/9840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/9850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Butcherman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/2/9856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/3/9857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/4/9858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/5/9859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/9860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/7/9861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/8/9862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/9/9863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Black.ttf
training_data/1/9864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/2/9865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/3/9866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/4/9867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/5/9868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/6/9869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/9870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/8/9871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/9/9872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceGrotesk[wght].ttf
training_data/1/9873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/9877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/9880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/9883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/9884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/9885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/9886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/9887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/9888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/9889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/9890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/9891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/2/9892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/3/9893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/4/9894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/5/9895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/6/9896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/7/9897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/8/9898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
training_data/9/9899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/9900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/2/9901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/3/9902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/4/9903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/5/9904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/6/9905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/7/9906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/8/9907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/9/9908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendMega[wght].ttf
training_data/1/9909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/9910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/9918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/9920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bokor-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/9930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTamil-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/9940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/9950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/9955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/9956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/9957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/9958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/9959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/9960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/9961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/9962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/9963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/9970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/9971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allura-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/9973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/9974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/9975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/9976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/9977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/9978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/9979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/9980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarina-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/9981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/9982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/9983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/9984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/9985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/9986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/9987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/9988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/9989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/9990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/9991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/9992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/9993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/9994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/9995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/9996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/9997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/9998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/9999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Norican-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/10009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/10010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/10011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/10012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/10013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/10014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/10015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/10016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/10017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/10018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/10019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/10020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/10021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/10022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/10023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/10024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/10025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/10026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroGurmukhi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/10040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lora[wght].ttf
training_data/1/10044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/10045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/10046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/10047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/10048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/10049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/7/10050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/10051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/10052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/10053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pavanam-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/10070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/6/10076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Comfortaa[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/10080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Audiowide-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/10090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/10091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/10092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/10093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/10094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/10095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/10096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/10097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/10098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JollyLodger-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumPenScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/10117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/10118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/10119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/10120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/10121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/10122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/10123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/10124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/10125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/2/10126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/3/10127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/4/10128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/5/10129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
testing_data/6/10130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/7/10131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/8/10132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/9/10133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIit28P.ttf
training_data/1/10134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/10140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ultra-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Paprika-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/10160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shizuru-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/10162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/10163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/10164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/10165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/10166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/10167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/10168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/10169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/10170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/10171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/10172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/10173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/10174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/10175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/10176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/10177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/10178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/10179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BakbakOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/10190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jaldi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rancho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/10220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooDa2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/10224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/10225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/10226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/10227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/10228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/10229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/10230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/10231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/10232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/10233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/2/10243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/3/10244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/4/10245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/5/10246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/6/10247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/7/10248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/8/10249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
testing_data/9/10250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf
training_data/1/10251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anton-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/10260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/2/10279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/10280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/4/10281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/5/10282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/6/10283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/7/10284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/8/10285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/9/10286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-UltraLight.ttf
training_data/1/10287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/10300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/6/10301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito[wght].ttf
training_data/1/10305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/10310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumBrushScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/10320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Whisper-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/10340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/10342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/10343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/10344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/10345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/10346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/10347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/10348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/10349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/10350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Notable-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/2/10378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/3/10379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/10380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/5/10381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/6/10382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/7/10383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/8/10384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/9/10385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Simonetta-Black.ttf
training_data/1/10386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/10400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalsamiqSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/10410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tangerine-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/10430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EagleLake-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/10432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/10433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/10434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/10435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/10436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/10437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/10438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/10439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/10440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnifrakturCook-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/10460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/5/10462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/2/10468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/3/10469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
testing_data/4/10470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/5/10471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/6/10472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/7/10473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/8/10474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/9/10475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gluten[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/1/10476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/10480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khand-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/5/10489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/10490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/10495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/10496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/10497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/10498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/10499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/10500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/10501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/10502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/10503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/5/10507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/10510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/10520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/10522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/10523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/10524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/10525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/10526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/10527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/10528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/10529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/1/10530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/10531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/10532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/10533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/10534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/10535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/10536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/10537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/10538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/10539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arizonia-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Joan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/10570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/10576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/10577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/10578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/10579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
testing_data/6/10580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/10581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/10582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/10583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/10584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/10590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/2/10594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/3/10595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/4/10596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/5/10597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/6/10598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/7/10599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/10600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/9/10601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Black.ttf
training_data/1/10602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/10610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/10620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Salsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
testing_data/2/10630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/3/10631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/4/10632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/5/10633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/6/10634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/7/10635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/8/10636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/9/10637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensed.ttf
training_data/1/10638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spinnaker-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/10657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/10658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/10659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/10660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/10661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/10662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/10663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/10664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/10665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/2/10666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/3/10667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/4/10668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/5/10669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
testing_data/6/10670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/7/10671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/8/10672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/9/10673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasR.ttf
training_data/1/10674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/10680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/2/10684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/3/10685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/4/10686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/5/10687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/6/10688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/7/10689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/10690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/9/10691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Black.ttf
training_data/1/10692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/10700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chilanka-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/10710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Philosopher-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FontdinerSwanky-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Parisienne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/2/10738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/3/10739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/10740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/5/10741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/6/10742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/7/10743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/8/10744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/9/10745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Black.ttf
training_data/1/10746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Actor-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/10760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ribeye-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/10770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Waterfall-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/10774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/10775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/10776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/10777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/10778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/10779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
testing_data/8/10780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/10781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/10782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/10790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ephesis-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/6/10796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glory[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/10800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/10804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/10809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/10810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/10811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/10812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/10813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/10814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/10815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/10816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/10817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoFlex[GRAD,XOPQ,XTRA,YOPQ,YTAS,YTDE,YTFI,YTLC,YTUC,opsz,slnt,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/10818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/10850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBodoni[wght].ttf
training_data/1/10854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/10860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pompiere-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/2/10864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/3/10865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/4/10866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/5/10867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/6/10868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/7/10869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
testing_data/8/10870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/9/10871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasB.ttf
training_data/1/10872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/10873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/10874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/10875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/10876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/10877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/10878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/10879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/10880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/10881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/2/10882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/3/10883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/4/10884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/5/10885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/6/10886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/7/10887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/8/10888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
training_data/9/10889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/10890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/10891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/10892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/10893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/10894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/10895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/10896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/10897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/10898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Texturina[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/10899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/10900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SueEllenFrancisco-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/10910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bayon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/10920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gidugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/10930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trykker-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/10940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlumniSansPinstripe-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/10950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/10951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Staatliches-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/10954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/10955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/10956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/10957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/10958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/10959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/10960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/10961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/10962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/10963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/10970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/6/10976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orbitron[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/10980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/2/10981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/3/10982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/4/10983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/5/10984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/6/10985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/7/10986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/8/10987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/9/10988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Figtree[wght].ttf
training_data/1/10989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/10990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/10991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/10992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/10993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/10994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/10995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/10996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/10997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/10998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/2/10999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
testing_data/3/11000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/4/11001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/5/11002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/6/11003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/7/11004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/8/11005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/9/11006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/1/11007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/11010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/11020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/11026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/11027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/11028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/11029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/11030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/11031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/11032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/11033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/11034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Play-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/11050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/11060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/11065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhai2[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/11070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/11089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/11090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/11091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/11092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/11095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/2/11098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/3/11099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
testing_data/4/11100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/5/11101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/6/11102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/7/11103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/8/11104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/9/11105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pecita.ttf
training_data/1/11106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/11110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Finlandica[wght].ttf
training_data/1/11115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/11116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/11117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/11118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/11119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/11120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/11121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/11122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/11123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/11124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/11140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/11141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/11150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAveDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/11158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/11159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/11160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Festive-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coiny-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/11190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/5/11191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kapakana[wght].ttf
training_data/1/11196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/11200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenPro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/11205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/11210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PatrickHandSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/11224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/11225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/11226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/11227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/11228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/11229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/11230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/11231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/11232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/11233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/11234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/11235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/11236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/11237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/11238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/11239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/11240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/11241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/5/11245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karla[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/11250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SongMyung-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dorsa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Updock-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/11280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/11284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/11285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/11287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/11288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/11289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/11290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/11293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/2/11296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/3/11297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/4/11298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/5/11299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/11300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/7/11301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/8/11302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/9/11303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Black.ttf
training_data/1/11304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/11305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/11306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/11307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/11308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/11309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
testing_data/7/11310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/11311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/11312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/11313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/11320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pacifico-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/11329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/11330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/2/11332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/3/11333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/4/11334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/5/11335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/6/11336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/7/11337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/8/11338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
training_data/9/11339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedLight.ttf
testing_data/1/11340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carattere-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mansalva-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/2/11359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/11360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/4/11361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/5/11362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/6/11363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/7/11364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/8/11365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/9/11366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Light.ttf
training_data/1/11367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/11370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HinaMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/11380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/11381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceCodePro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/11385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/11386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/11387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/11388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/11389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/11390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/11391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/11392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/11393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/11394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/11400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/11404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/11405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/11406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/11407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/11408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/11409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/11410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/11411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/11412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/11413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/11414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/11415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/11416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/11417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/11418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/11419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/11420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/11421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/2/11422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/3/11423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/4/11424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/5/11425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/6/11426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/7/11427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/8/11428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/9/11429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmstelvarAlpha-VF.ttf
testing_data/1/11430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/11440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/3/11441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/4/11442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/5/11443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/6/11444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/7/11445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/8/11446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/9/11447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Light.ttf
training_data/1/11448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/11449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/11450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/11451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/11452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/11453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/11454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/11455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/11456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/11457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/2/11458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/3/11459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/11460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/5/11461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/6/11462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/7/11463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/8/11464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/9/11465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KohSantepheap-Light.ttf
training_data/1/11466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/11470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/11480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Average-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComforterBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/2/11494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/3/11495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/4/11496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/5/11497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/6/11498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/7/11499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/11500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/9/11501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Light.ttf
training_data/1/11502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/11509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/11510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/11520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeriendaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/11548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/11549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/11550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/11551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/11554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/11560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/2/11566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/3/11567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/4/11568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/5/11569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/11570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/7/11571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/8/11572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/9/11573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jost[wght].ttf
training_data/1/11574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/11587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/11590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/11591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/2/11593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/3/11594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/4/11595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/5/11596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/6/11597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/7/11598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/8/11599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/11600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Black.ttf
training_data/1/11601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/11610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Harmattan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/11620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/11621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/11622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/11623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/11626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cherish-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/11640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Graduate-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/11650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMinchoB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/11656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/11657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/11658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/11659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/11660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/11661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/11662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/11663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/11664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/11680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alatsi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/11690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSerif-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/11700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/2/11701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/3/11702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/4/11703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/5/11704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/6/11705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/7/11706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/8/11707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/9/11708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensed.ttf
training_data/1/11709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/11710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/11711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/11712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/11713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/11714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/11715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/11716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/11717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekKannada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/11718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/11730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaKanadaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/11740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ImperialScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/11750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mako-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/11764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/11765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/11766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/11767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/11768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/11769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/11770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/11771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/11772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/11780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/11790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/2/11809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
testing_data/3/11810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/4/11811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/5/11812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/6/11813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/7/11814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/8/11815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/9/11816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBold.ttf
training_data/1/11817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/11818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/11819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/11820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/11821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/11822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/11823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/11824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/11825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/11826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/11830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Federant-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/11840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/11850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/11854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/11855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/11856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/11857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/11860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/2/11863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/3/11864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/4/11865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/5/11866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/6/11867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/7/11868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/8/11869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
testing_data/9/11870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasI.ttf
training_data/1/11871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/11880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CantoraOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/11890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Freehand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/11899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/11900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/11901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/11902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/11903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/11904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/11905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/11906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/11907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/11910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TiroTelugu-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/11917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/11918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/11919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/11920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/11921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/11922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/11923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/11924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/11925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/2/11926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/3/11927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/4/11928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/5/11929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/11930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/7/11931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/8/11932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/9/11933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf
training_data/1/11934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/11940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/11950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hurricane-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/11960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/11962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/11963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/11964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/11965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/11966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/11967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/11968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/11969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SofiaSans[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/1/11970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/11972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/11980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/11982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/11983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/11984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/11985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/11986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/11987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/11988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/11989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/11990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/11991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/11992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/11993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/11994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/11995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/11996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Acme-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/11997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/11998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/11999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/12000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merienda-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/12010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/12030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/12040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aldrich-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/2/12043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/3/12044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/4/12045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/5/12046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/6/12047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/7/12048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/8/12049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/12050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flamenco-Light.ttf
training_data/1/12051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/12060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/12070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/3/12071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/4/12072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/5/12073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/6/12074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/7/12075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/8/12076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/9/12077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Light.ttf
training_data/1/12078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/12080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjordOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VastShadow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/12115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/12116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/12117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/12118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/12119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/7/12120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/12121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/12122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/12123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/12130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calistoga-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/12140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/McLaren-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/12160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaaInk-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/12170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SawarabiGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/12205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/12206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/12207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/12208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/12209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/12210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/12211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/12212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/12213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/12220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/12230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Diplomata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUpright-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/12241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/12242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/12243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/12244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/12245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/12246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/12247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/12248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/12249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/12250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CharisSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/12260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/12290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/12295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/12296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/12297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/12298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/12299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/12300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/12301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/12302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/12303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/2/12304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/3/12305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/4/12306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/5/12307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/6/12308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/7/12309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/12310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/9/12311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vazirmatn[wght].ttf
training_data/1/12312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/12320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amarante-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/12340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/12341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/12342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/12343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/12344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/12345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/12346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/12347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/12348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/12350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HiMelody-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/2/12367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/3/12368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/4/12369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
testing_data/5/12370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/6/12371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/7/12372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/8/12373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/9/12374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaMono.ttf
training_data/1/12375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/12385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/12386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/12387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/12388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/12389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/12390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/12391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/12392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaijaan2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/12393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/2/12394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/3/12395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/4/12396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/5/12397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/6/12398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/7/12399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
testing_data/8/12400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/9/12401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf
training_data/1/12402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/12410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/12430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KottaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/12440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poly-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/12450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/12466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/12467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/12468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/12469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/6/12470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/12471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/12472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/12473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUSCodeLatin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/12474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/12480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/12490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/12493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/12494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/12495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/12496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/12497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/12498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/12499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/12500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/12501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caladea-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/12520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/12529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/3/12530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/12531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/12532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/12533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/12534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/12535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/12536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piazzolla[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/12537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/12540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/12550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DigitalNumbers-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/2/12565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/3/12566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/4/12567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/5/12568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/6/12569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/12570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/8/12571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/9/12572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-Light.ttf
training_data/1/12573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/2/12574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/3/12575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/4/12576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/5/12577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/6/12578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/7/12579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/12580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/9/12581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansita-Black.ttf
training_data/1/12582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/12583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/12584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/12585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/12586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/12587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/12588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/12589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/12590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/12591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/2/12592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/3/12593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/4/12594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/5/12595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/6/12596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/7/12597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/8/12598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
training_data/9/12599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/12600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IngridDarling-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/12610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/12611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/12612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/12613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/12614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/12615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/12616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/12617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/12618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/2/12619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/12620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/4/12621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/5/12622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/6/12623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/7/12624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/8/12625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/9/12626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo[wght].ttf
training_data/1/12627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arbutus-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/12660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/12670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/12680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/12691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/12692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/12693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/12694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/12695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/12696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/12697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/12698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/12699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/12700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiko-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/12710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marmelad-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/12720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AreYouSerious-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/2/12736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/3/12737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/4/12738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/5/12739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/12740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/7/12741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/8/12742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/9/12743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Light.ttf
training_data/1/12744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/12750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/12760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quantico-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/12770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/12772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/12780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/12790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenLoop-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/12800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fondamento-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/12810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Frijole-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/12830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiAntiqueB1-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/12835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/12836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/12837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/12838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/12839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/12840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/12841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/12842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/12843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/12850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lustria-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/12853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/12854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/4/12855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/5/12856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/12857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/7/12858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/12859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/12860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndadaPro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/12861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Esteban-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Copse-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/12880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/12881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/12882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/12883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/12884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/12885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/12886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/12887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/12888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/12890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sura-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/2/12898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/3/12899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/12900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/5/12901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/6/12902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/7/12903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/8/12904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/9/12905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caveat[wght].ttf
training_data/1/12906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/12910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Homenaje-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/2/12916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/3/12917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/4/12918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/5/12919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/12920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/7/12921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/8/12922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/9/12923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Black.ttf
training_data/1/12924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/12930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/12940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/12941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sitara-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/12943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/12944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/12945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/12946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/12947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/12948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/12949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/12950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/12951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/12960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/12961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/12962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/12963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/12964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/12965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/12966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/12967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/12968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/12969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/12970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/12971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/12972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/12973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/12974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/12975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/12976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/12977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PalanquinDark-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/12978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/12980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/12982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/12983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/12984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/12985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/12986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbyssinicaSIL-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/12987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/2/12988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/3/12989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
testing_data/4/12990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/5/12991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/6/12992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/7/12993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/8/12994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/9/12995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedBold.ttf
training_data/1/12996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/12997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/12998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/12999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/13000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Julee-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/13010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDMincho-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/13020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rationale-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/13024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/13025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/13026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/13027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/13028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/13029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/13030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/13031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/13032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/2/13033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/3/13034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/4/13035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/5/13036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/6/13037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/7/13038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/8/13039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/13040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Commissioner[slnt,wght].ttf
training_data/1/13041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/13060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/13070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquarePeg-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/13090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Carme-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/13096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/13097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/13098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/13099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
testing_data/6/13100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/13101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/13102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/13103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/13104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/3/13106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/4/13107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/6/13109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/13110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/8/13111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GemunuLibre[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Neuton-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/13123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/13124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/13125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/13126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/13127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/13128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/13129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
testing_data/9/13130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/13131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/13140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/13141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/13142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/13143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/13144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/13145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/13146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/13147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/13148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/13149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/13150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Praise-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/13160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kristi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/13169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/13170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/13172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/13173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/8/13174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatText[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/13180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/13190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/13200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/13204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/13205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/13206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/13207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/13208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/13209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/13210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/13211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/13212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/13220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/13222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/13223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/13224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/13225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/13226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/13227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/13228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/13229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/13230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/13231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/13232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/13233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/13234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/13235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/13236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/13237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/13238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/13239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/13240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/13250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PetitFormalScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Courgette-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/2/13267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/3/13268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/4/13269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/13270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/6/13271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/7/13272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/8/13273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/9/13274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf
training_data/1/13275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/13280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/13290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vidaloka-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrandHotel-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/13303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/13304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/13305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/13306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/13307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/13308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/13309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/13310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/13311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VampiroOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/13330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/13340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FugazOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/13357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/13358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/13359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/13360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/13361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/13362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/13363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/13364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSans[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/13365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/13366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/13367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/13368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/13369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/13370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/13371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/13372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/13373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/13374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/13380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Uchen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/13390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/13400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unlock-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/13402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/13403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/13404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/13405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/13406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/13407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/13408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/13409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/1/13410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/2/13411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/3/13412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/4/13413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/5/13414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/6/13415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/7/13416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/8/13417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/9/13418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf
training_data/1/13419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/13420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/13430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/13447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/13448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/13449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/13450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/13451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/13452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/13453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/13454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/13455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/13460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Angkor-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/13470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quando-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/13490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BebasNeue-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/13500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/13501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/13502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/13503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/13504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/13505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/13506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/13507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/13508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/13509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/13510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonomaniacOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/13520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/4/13521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/6/13523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/7/13524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/8/13525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Petrona[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/13528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/13529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/13530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/13531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/13532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/13533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/13534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/13535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/13536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/13540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/13550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caramel-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/13560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/13570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/13573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/13574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/13575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/13576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/13577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/13578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/13579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/13580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/13581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/13600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/13601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/13602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/13603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/13604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/13605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/13606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/13607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/13608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/13610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aladin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/13630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Limelight-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/13636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/13637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/13638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/13639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/13640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/13641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/13642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/13643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/13644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/13650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Creepster-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/13670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sancreek-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YesevaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/2/13681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/3/13682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/4/13683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/5/13684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/6/13685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/7/13686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/8/13687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/9/13688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Snippet.ttf
training_data/1/13689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/13690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/3/13691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/4/13692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/5/13693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/6/13694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/7/13695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/8/13696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/9/13697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Black.ttf
training_data/1/13698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/13700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/13708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/13709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/13710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/13711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/13712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/13713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/13714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/13715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/13716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/13720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/9/13724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/2/13726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/3/13727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/4/13728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/5/13729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/13730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/7/13731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/8/13732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/9/13733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.ttf
training_data/1/13734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/2/13735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/3/13736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/4/13737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/5/13738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/6/13739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
testing_data/7/13740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/8/13741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/9/13742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GloriaHallelujah.ttf
training_data/1/13743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/13760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/13771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/13772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/13773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/13774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/13775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/13776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/13777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/13778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansKR-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/13779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/13780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trocchi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/13789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/13790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/13791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/13792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/13793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/13794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/13795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/13796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/13797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/2/13807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/3/13808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/4/13809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
testing_data/5/13810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/6/13811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/7/13812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/8/13813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/9/13814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkaziText-VF.ttf
training_data/1/13815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/13817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/13818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/13820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/13821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/13822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SmoochSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/13825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/13826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/13827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/13828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/13829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/13830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/13831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/13832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/13833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/13835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/4/13836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/13838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/13839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/13840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilText[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/13843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/13844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/13845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/13846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/13847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/13848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/13849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/13850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/13851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Caudex-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/13870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/13879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/13880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/13881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/13882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/13883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/13884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/13885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/13886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/13887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TenorSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/13898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/13900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/13910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mogra-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/2/13915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/3/13916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/4/13917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/5/13918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/6/13919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
testing_data/7/13920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/8/13921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/9/13922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Black.ttf
training_data/1/13923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/13930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AverageSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/2/13933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/3/13934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/4/13935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/5/13936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/6/13937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/7/13938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/8/13939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/13940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Light.ttf
training_data/1/13941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/13950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/2/13951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/3/13952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/4/13953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/5/13954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/6/13955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/7/13956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/8/13957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/9/13958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Domine[wght].ttf
training_data/1/13959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/13960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/13961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/13962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/13963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/13964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/13965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/13966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/13967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RadioCanada[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/13968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/13969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/13970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/13971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/13972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/13973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/13974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/13975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/13976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thabit-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/13977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/13980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Koulen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/13990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/13991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/13992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/13993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/13994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/13995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/13996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/13997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/13998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/13999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFELLDoublePica-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/14010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/14020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/14030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiHarunoUmi-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/14040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/14050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/14051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/14052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/14053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/14056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/14060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/14068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/14069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
testing_data/4/14070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/14071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/14072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/14073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/14074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/14075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/14076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/14080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IslandMoments-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/14100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/14110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/14113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/14114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/14115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/14116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/14117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/14118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/14119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/14120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/14121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/14122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/14123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/14124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/14125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/14126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/14127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/14128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/14129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsJaffna-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/1/14130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/14137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/14140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/14150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quintessential-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/14170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mallanna-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/14190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScopeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/14200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/2/14203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/3/14204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/4/14205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/5/14206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/6/14207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/7/14208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/8/14209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/14210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quicksand[wght].ttf
training_data/1/14211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/2/14212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/3/14213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/4/14214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/5/14215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/6/14216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/7/14217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/8/14218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
training_data/9/14219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendPeta[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/14220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/14230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/14239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/14240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/14241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/14242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/14245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/14248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/14249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/14250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/14251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/14254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/14260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KulimPark-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/14280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/14284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/14285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/14286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/14287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/14290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/14300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/2/14302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/3/14303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/4/14304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/5/14305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/6/14306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/7/14307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/8/14308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
training_data/9/14309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OvertheRainbow.ttf
testing_data/1/14310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/14320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarcellusSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/14330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/14347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/14348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/14349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/14350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/14353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Viga-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/14370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/14380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/2/14383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/3/14384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/4/14385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/5/14386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/6/14387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/7/14388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/8/14389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
testing_data/9/14390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasBI.ttf
training_data/1/14391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RopaSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/14400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/8/14407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/14410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/14420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/14430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/8/14434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/2/14437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/3/14438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/4/14439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
testing_data/5/14440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/6/14441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/7/14442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/8/14443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/9/14444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BM-HANNA.ttf
training_data/1/14445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/2/14446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/3/14447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/4/14448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/5/14449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/14450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/7/14451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/8/14452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/9/14453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Black.ttf
training_data/1/14454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/14460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Voltaire-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/14470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/14480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/14490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/14500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/8/14506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/2/14509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
testing_data/3/14510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/4/14511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/5/14512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/6/14513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/7/14514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/8/14515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/9/14516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaOval.ttf
training_data/1/14517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/14518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/14519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/4/14520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/14521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/14522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/14523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/14524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/14525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cabin[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/14526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/14530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DavidLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dekko-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/2/14545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/3/14546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/4/14547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/5/14548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/6/14549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
testing_data/7/14550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/8/14551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/9/14552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VollkornSC-Black.ttf
training_data/1/14553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/14560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ligconsolata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/14570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nunito-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/14580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/14581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/14582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/14583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/14584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/14585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/14586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/14587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/14588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/14589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/14590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/14600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheNautigal-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/14608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/14609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/14610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/14611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/14612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/14613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/14614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/14615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/14616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/14620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manjari-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/14626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/14627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/14628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/14629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/14630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/14631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/14632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/14633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Krub-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/14634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/14635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/14636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/14637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/14638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/14639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/7/14640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/14641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/14642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/14643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/14650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/14658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/14660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/14670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/14671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/14672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/14673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/14674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/14675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/14676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/14677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/14678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/14679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
testing_data/2/14680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/3/14681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/4/14682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/5/14683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/6/14684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/7/14685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/8/14686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/9/14687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReenieBeanie.ttf
training_data/1/14688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/14690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Orienta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/14707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/14708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/14709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/14710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/14711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/14712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/14713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/14714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/14715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahiana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/14725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/14726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/14727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/14728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/14729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/14730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/14731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/14732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/14733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/14740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CuteFont-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/14743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/14744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/14745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/14746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/14747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/14748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/14749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/14750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/14751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ViaodaLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/14760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/2/14761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/3/14762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/4/14763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/5/14764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/6/14765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/7/14766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/8/14767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/9/14768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-Light.ttf
training_data/1/14769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/14770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Artifika-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/14780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kavivanar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Itim-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/14800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jomhuria-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/14820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suranna-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/14824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/14825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/14826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/14827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/14828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/14829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/14830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/14831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/14832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/14833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/14834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/14835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/14836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/14837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/14838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/14839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/14840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/14841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/14842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/14843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/14844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/14845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/14846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/14847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/14848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/14849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/1/14850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/14860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dhyana-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/14870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qwigley-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/2/14887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/3/14888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/4/14889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/14890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/6/14891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/7/14892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/8/14893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/9/14894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asap[wght].ttf
training_data/1/14895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/2/14905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/14906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/14907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/14908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/14909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/7/14910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/14911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/14912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/14913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/14920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TextMeOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/14930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/14933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/14940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedgwickAve-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/14950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bahianita-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/14959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/14960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/14961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/14962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/14963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/14964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/14965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/14966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/14967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/14970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lemon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/14980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TrainOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/14990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/14991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/14992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/14993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bangers-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/14994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/14995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/14996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/14997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/14998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/14999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/15004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/15005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/15006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/15007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/15008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/15009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/8/15010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/15011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Truculenta[opsz,wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/15012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/15020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/15036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/15037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/15038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/15040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RockSalt-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/15050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/15058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/15059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
testing_data/4/15060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/15061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/15062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/15063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/15064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/15065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/15066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/15067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/15068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/15069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/15070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/15071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/15072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/15073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/15074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/15075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionsConflict-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MySoul-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/15099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/15100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/15101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/15108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/15109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/15110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Condiment-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendTera[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/15130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/15131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/15132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/15133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/15134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/15135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/15136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/15137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/15138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/15140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduTASBeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/15150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/15157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/15158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/15159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/15160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/15161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/15162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/15163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/15164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/15165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/15170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chewy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/15190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inika-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/2/15193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/3/15194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/4/15195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/5/15196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/6/15197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/7/15198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/8/15199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/15200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/1/15201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FrankRuhlLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/15210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Licorice-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/15220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/3/15221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/4/15222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/5/15223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/6/15224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/7/15225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/8/15226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/9/15227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Black.ttf
training_data/1/15228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/2/15229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/15230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/4/15231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/5/15232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/6/15233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/7/15234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/8/15235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/9/15236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Light.ttf
training_data/1/15237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/15240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yomogi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/15256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/15257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/15258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/15259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/15260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/15261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/15262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/15263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Farro-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/15264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khyay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/15280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/15290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cousine-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/15300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/2/15301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/3/15302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/4/15303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/5/15304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/6/15305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/7/15306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/8/15307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/9/15308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf
training_data/1/15309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
testing_data/2/15310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/3/15311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/4/15312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/5/15313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/6/15314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/7/15315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/8/15316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/9/15317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GoblinOne.ttf
training_data/1/15318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/15320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mandali-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/15328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/15329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/15330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/15331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/15332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/15333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/15334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/15335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/15336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InriaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RocknRollOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/15360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/15361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/15362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/15364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/15365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/15366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/15367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/15368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/15369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/15370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/15371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/15372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/15380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GentiumBookPlus-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/15390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pushster-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/15400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/15410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fresca-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/15418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/15419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/15420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/15421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/15422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/15423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/15424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/15425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/15426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShareTech-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/15440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendZetta[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/2/15445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/3/15446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/4/15447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/5/15448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/6/15449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
testing_data/7/15450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/8/15451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/9/15452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpanded.ttf
training_data/1/15453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/15460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asul-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/15470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/15472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/15473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/15474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/15475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/15476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/15477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/15478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/15479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/15480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/15490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RedHatDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/15500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/15510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Knewave-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/B612Mono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GreyQo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/15544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/15545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/15546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/15547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/15548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/15549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/15550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/15551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/15552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/15560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kufam[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/15580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/15581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/15582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/15583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/15584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/15585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/15586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/15587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/15588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/15590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/15600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Modak-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopPOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KirangHaerang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/2/15634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/3/15635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/4/15636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/5/15637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/6/15638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/7/15639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/15640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/9/15641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Black.ttf
training_data/1/15642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/15650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LexendDeca[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/15661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/15662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/15663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/15664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/15665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/15666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/15667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/15668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/15669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
testing_data/2/15670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/3/15671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/4/15672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/5/15673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/6/15674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/7/15675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/8/15676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/9/15677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GFSNeohellenic.ttf
training_data/1/15678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/15680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IbarraRealNova[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/2/15688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/3/15689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
testing_data/4/15690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/5/15691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/6/15692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/7/15693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/8/15694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/9/15695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Candal.ttf
training_data/1/15696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/15700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manrope[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/15706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/15707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/15708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/15709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/15710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/15711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/15712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/15713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/15714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/15720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lusitana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/15730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/15738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/15739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/15740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProstoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/15760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/15769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/15770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/15771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/15772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/15773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/15774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/15775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/15776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/15777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/2/15778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/15779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
testing_data/4/15780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/15781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/15782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/15783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/15784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/15785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/15786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/15790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shalimar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HachiMaruPop-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/15810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gwendolyn-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/15816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/15820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baloo2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/15830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aclonica-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Smythe-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/15841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/15842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/15843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/15844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/15845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/15846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/15847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/15848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaVaani-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/15849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/15850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rakkas-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/15859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
testing_data/3/15860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/15861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/15862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/15863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/15864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/15865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/15866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/15867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/2/15868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/3/15869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/15870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/5/15871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/6/15872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/7/15873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/8/15874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/9/15875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1Code[wght].ttf
training_data/1/15876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/15880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/15890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/15900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/15910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arapey-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/15920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/15930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Qahiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/15940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/15944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/15950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/15955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/15956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Balthazar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/15957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/15958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/15959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/15960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/15961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/15962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/15963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/15964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/15965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/15966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/2/15967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/3/15968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/4/15969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/15970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/6/15971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/7/15972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/8/15973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/9/15974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Light.ttf
training_data/1/15975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/15976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/15977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/15978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/15979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/15980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/15981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/15982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/15983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AtkinsonHyperlegible-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/15984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/15985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/15986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/15987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/15988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/15989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/15990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/15991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/15992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/15993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/15994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/15995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/15996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/15997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/15998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/15999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/16000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/16010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lexend[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sanchez-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/16030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/16031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/16032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/16033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/16034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/16035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/16036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/16037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/16038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/16039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/16040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/16041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/16042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/16043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/16044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/16045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/16046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/16047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/16050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Andika-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/16060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FleurDeLeah-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/16070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unkempt-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/16080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/16090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/16100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asset-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Anaheim-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/16111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/16112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/16113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/16114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/16115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/16116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/16117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/16118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/16119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/16120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/3/16121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/4/16122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/5/16123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/6/16124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/7/16125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/8/16126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/9/16127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Black.ttf
training_data/1/16128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/16130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Goldman-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/16140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alef-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/16150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Brygada1918[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/16160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SupermercadoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/16170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReadexPro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/16180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molle-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/16190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BhuTukaExpandedOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/16210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chathura-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/16220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/16221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/16222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/16225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Laila-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/16227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/16228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/16229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/16230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/16232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/16233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/16234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/16237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/16238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/16239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/16240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/16241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/16242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/16243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/16244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Saira[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/16245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/16250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CroissantOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/2/16255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/3/16256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/4/16257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/5/16258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/6/16259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/16260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/8/16261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/9/16262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindJalandhar-Light.ttf
training_data/1/16263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/16265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/16266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/16267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/16270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/16272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/16280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mulish[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/16283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/16284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/16285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/16288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ProzaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/16290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amethysta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/16300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/16310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lekton-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/16320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corben-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/16330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/16336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/16337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/16338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/16339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
testing_data/6/16340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/16341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/16342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/16343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/16344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/16350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JuliusSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/16354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/16355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/16356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/16358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/16359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/16360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/16370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AndikaNewBasic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Piedra-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/16390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/3/16391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/4/16392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/5/16393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/6/16394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/7/16395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/8/16396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/9/16397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMysuru-Light.ttf
training_data/1/16398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/16400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Margarine-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/2/16408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/3/16409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
testing_data/4/16410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/5/16411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/6/16412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/7/16413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/8/16414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/9/16415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/1/16416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/16420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/16430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alegreya[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/16440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/16450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InterTight[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/16453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/16454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/16455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/16456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/16457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/16458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/16459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
testing_data/9/16460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/16461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpaceMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DenkOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/16480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/16481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/16482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/16483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/16484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/16485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/16486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/16487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/16488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/16490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mina-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/16500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gorditas-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/2/16507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/3/16508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/4/16509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
testing_data/5/16510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/6/16511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/7/16512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/8/16513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/9/16514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueGothic[wdth].ttf
training_data/1/16515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/16520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/16525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/16526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/16527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/16529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/16530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/16531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/16534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/16535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/16536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/16537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/16538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/16539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/16540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/16541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/16542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/16550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dosis[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AzeretMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/16560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/16570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Magra-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/16579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/16580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/16581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/16583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/16584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/16585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/16589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/16590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/16591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/16594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/16596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/16598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/16599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/16600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/16603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/16605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/16610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Marcellus-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/16615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/16616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/16617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/16618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/16619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/16620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/16621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/16622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/16623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/2/16624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/3/16625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/4/16626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/5/16627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/6/16628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/7/16629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
testing_data/8/16630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/9/16631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CoveredByYourGrace.ttf
training_data/1/16632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/16640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ponnala-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/16660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/16670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shrikhand-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/16680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/16690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Revalia-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/16696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/16697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/16698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/16700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/16701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/16702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/16710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/16720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Akshar[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/16723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/16724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/16725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/16726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/16727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/16728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/16729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/16730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/16731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/2/16732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/3/16733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/4/16734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/5/16735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/6/16736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/7/16737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/8/16738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
training_data/9/16739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Overlock-Black.ttf
testing_data/1/16740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/16750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SecularOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/16760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/16761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/16770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lancelot-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/16780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kranky-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/16786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/16787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/16788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/16789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/16790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/16791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/16792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/16793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/16794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/16800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cagliostro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/16810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuseoModerno[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/16820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kurale-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryBombOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/16830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/2/16831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/3/16832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/4/16833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/5/16834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/6/16835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/7/16836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/8/16837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/9/16838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBkBasI.ttf
training_data/1/16839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/16840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellota-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/16849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/16850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/16851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/16852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/16853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/16854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/16855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/16856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/16857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/2/16858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/3/16859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/16860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/5/16861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/6/16862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/7/16863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/8/16864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/9/16865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Light.ttf
training_data/1/16866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/16870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/2/16876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/3/16877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/4/16878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/5/16879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/16880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/7/16881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/8/16882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/9/16883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Light.ttf
training_data/1/16884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/16885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/16886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/16887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/16888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/16889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/7/16890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/16891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/16892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/16893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/16900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/16910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/16912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/16913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/16914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/16915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/16916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/16917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/16918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/16919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/16920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/16921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/16922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/16923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/16924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/16925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/16926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/16927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/16928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/16929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/16930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/16931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/16932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/16933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/16934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/16935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/16936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/16937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/16938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/16940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/5/16942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Antonio[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/16948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/16949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/16950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/16951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/16952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/16953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/16954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/16955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScript-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/16956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/2/16957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/3/16958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/4/16959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/16960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/6/16961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/7/16962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/8/16963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/9/16964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/1/16965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/2/16966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/3/16967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/4/16968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/5/16969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
testing_data/6/16970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/7/16971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/8/16972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/9/16973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedLight.ttf
training_data/1/16974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/16980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/16981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peddana-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/16984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/16985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/16986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/16987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/16988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/16989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/16990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/16991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Questrial-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/16992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/2/16993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/3/16994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/4/16995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/5/16996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/6/16997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/7/16998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/8/16999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/17000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handjet[EGRD,ESHP,wght].ttf
training_data/1/17001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shanti-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/17010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/17014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/17015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/17016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/17020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiOpti-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/17030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/17032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/17035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/17048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/17050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/17053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/17060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Share-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/17070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amaranth-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/17080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/17090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/VesperLibre-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersStencilDisplay[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/17100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/17110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/17120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mirza-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inspiration-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/17140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Numans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/17150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansHebrew-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
testing_data/7/17160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/17170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/17180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiMai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suwannaphum-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/17190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
testing_data/2/17200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/3/17201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/4/17202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/5/17203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/6/17204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/7/17205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/8/17206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/9/17207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Geo-Oblique.ttf
training_data/1/17208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/17210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/17220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/17230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/17231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/17232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/2/17236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/3/17237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/4/17238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/5/17239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/17240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/7/17241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/8/17242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/9/17243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tienne-Black.ttf
training_data/1/17244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/17248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/17249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/17250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/17260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gantari[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/17270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Glegoo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chango-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/17280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/17281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/17282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/17283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/17284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/17285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/17286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/17287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/17288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekMalayalam[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/17289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/17290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/3/17291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/4/17292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/5/17293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/6/17294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/7/17295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/8/17296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/9/17297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Light.ttf
training_data/1/17298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/17300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewRocker-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/17310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KantumruyPro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/17318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/17320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/17323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/17330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Raleway[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/17340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreCaslonDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/17350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/17360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/2/17362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/3/17363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/4/17364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/5/17365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/6/17366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/7/17367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/8/17368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
training_data/9/17369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIrm28P.ttf
testing_data/1/17370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/17380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/17390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/17392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/17395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/17400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Exo2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/17410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/2/17416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/3/17417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/4/17418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/5/17419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
testing_data/6/17420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/7/17421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/8/17422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/9/17423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf
training_data/1/17424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/17430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MaidenOrange-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/17440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OldStandard-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/17450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GochiHand-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/17460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/17470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeieScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/2/17479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
testing_data/3/17480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/4/17481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/5/17482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/6/17483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/7/17484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/8/17485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/9/17486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sono[MONO,wght].ttf
training_data/1/17487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ruluko-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/17500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blaka-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/17510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RUSerius-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/17518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/17519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/7/17520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/17524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/17525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/17526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/17527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/17528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/17529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/17530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/17531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/17532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/17533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/17534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/4/17535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/17536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/17537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/17538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/17539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
testing_data/9/17540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/17541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantInfant-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/17550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/17551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/17552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/17553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/17554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/17555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/17556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/17557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/17558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/17559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/17560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lateef-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/17570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Manuale[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/17590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/17591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/17592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMahee-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/17596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/17597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/17598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/17599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/17600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/17601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/17602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/17603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/17604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/17610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gruppo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/2/17614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/3/17615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/4/17616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/5/17617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/6/17618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/7/17619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/17620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/9/17621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mali-Light.ttf
training_data/1/17622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/17630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TsukimiRounded-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/17640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/17650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/17660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pangolin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/2/17668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/3/17669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/17670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/5/17671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/6/17672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/7/17673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/8/17674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/9/17675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Black.ttf
training_data/1/17676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/2/17677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/3/17678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/4/17679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/17680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/6/17681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/7/17682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/8/17683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/9/17684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tajawal-Black.ttf
training_data/1/17685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/17690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Padauk-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/2/17695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/3/17696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/4/17697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/5/17698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/6/17699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/17700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/8/17701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/9/17702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Light.ttf
training_data/1/17703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/17710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComingSoon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/17713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/17714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/17715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/17716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/17717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/17718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/17719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/17720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/17721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/17730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scheherazade-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
testing_data/2/17740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/3/17741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/4/17742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/5/17743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/6/17744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/7/17745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/8/17746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/9/17747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf
training_data/1/17748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/17750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bentham-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/17770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NixieOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/17780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/17790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UncialAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
testing_data/8/17800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindMadurai-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/17802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/17810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JosefinSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblegumSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/17820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/2/17821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/3/17822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/4/17823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/5/17824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/6/17825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/7/17826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/8/17827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/9/17828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Light.ttf
training_data/1/17829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/17830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/17840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/17850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/17857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/17858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/17859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
testing_data/5/17860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/17861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/17862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/17863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/17864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/17865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/17870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kameron-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/2/17875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/3/17876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/4/17877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/5/17878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/6/17879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
testing_data/7/17880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/8/17881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/9/17882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENrm28P.ttf
training_data/1/17883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/17885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/17887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/17890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/17893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/17894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/17895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/17896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/17897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/17898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/17899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
testing_data/9/17900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/17901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/17910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/17911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/17912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/17913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/17914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/17915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/17916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/17917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/17918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/17919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/17920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/3/17921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/4/17922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/5/17923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/6/17924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/7/17925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/8/17926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/9/17927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Light.ttf
training_data/1/17928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/17930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/8/17935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/17940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/17950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/17951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CreepsterCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/17956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/17957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/17958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/17959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/17960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/17961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/17962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/17963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barriecito-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/17964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/17970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/17972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sahitya-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/2/17974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/3/17975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/4/17976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/5/17977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/6/17978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/7/17979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/17980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/9/17981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grandstander[wght].ttf
training_data/1/17982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/17983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/17984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/17985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/17986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/17987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/17988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/17989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/17990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonaNova-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/17991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/17992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/17993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/17994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/17995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/17996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/17997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/17998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/17999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/18000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/18007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/18008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vibes-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lacquer-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/18040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ramabhadra-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/18050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AoboshiOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/8/18070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/18071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/18080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bellefair-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GlassAntiqua-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/2/18091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/3/18092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/4/18093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/5/18094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/6/18095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/7/18096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/8/18097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/9/18098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TheGirlNextDoor.ttf
training_data/1/18099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Elsie-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLQingKeHuangYou-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/18127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/18128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/18129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/18130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnamPro-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/18136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/18137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/18138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/18139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
testing_data/6/18140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/18141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/18142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/18143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/18144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSerifText-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/18154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/18155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/18156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/18157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/18158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/18159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/18160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/18161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/18162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/18169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/18170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/2/18172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/3/18173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/4/18174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/5/18175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/6/18176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/7/18177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/8/18178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
training_data/9/18179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RuslanDisplay.ttf
testing_data/1/18180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BlackAndWhitePicture-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alike-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/18200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Molengo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/2/18217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/3/18218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/4/18219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/18220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/6/18221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/7/18222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/8/18223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/9/18224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenOldMincho-Black.ttf
training_data/1/18225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/18230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuxuriousRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/2/18244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/3/18245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/4/18246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/5/18247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/6/18248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/7/18249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/18250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/9/18251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueSpartan[wght].ttf
training_data/1/18252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/18260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SulphurPoint-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Flavors-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varela-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/18310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/18320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/2/18334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/3/18335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/4/18336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/5/18337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/6/18338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/7/18339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
testing_data/8/18340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/9/18341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSans-Black.ttf
training_data/1/18342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/18349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/18350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/2/18352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/3/18353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/4/18354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/5/18355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/6/18356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/7/18357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/8/18358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
training_data/9/18359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Black.ttf
testing_data/1/18360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/18370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/18379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/18380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/18381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/18382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BirthstoneBounce-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/18397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/18398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/18399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/18400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/18401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/18402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/18403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/18404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/18405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/18406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/18407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/18408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/18409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/18410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/18411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/18412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/18413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlbertSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/18414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/18420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/18430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Englebert-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/2/18433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/3/18434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/4/18435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/5/18436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/6/18437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/7/18438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/8/18439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
testing_data/9/18440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFePIsc28P.ttf
training_data/1/18441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/2/18451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/3/18452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/4/18453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/5/18454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/6/18455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/7/18456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/8/18457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/9/18458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaCut.ttf
training_data/1/18459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SansitaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/18470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/18480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rufina-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/18490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Teko-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/18500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kadwa-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LavishlyYours-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/18518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/18520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/18530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arsenal-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Strong-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/18550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/18551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/18552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/18553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WindSong-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gayathri-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/18570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nokora-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/18577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/18578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/18579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
testing_data/5/18580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/18581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/18582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/18583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/18584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansArabic-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/18585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/18590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Girassol-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/18600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arvo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/18604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/18605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/18606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/18607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/18608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/18609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/18610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/18611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSerif-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/18612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/18619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/18620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/18622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/18623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/18624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/18625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/18626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/18627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/18628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/18629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/18630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrechenFuemen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mingzat-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/18658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/18659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/18660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/18661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/18667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/18668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/18669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
testing_data/5/18670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/18671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/18672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/18673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/18674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/18675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/18680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/18690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChakraPetch-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/2/18694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/3/18695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/4/18696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/5/18697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/6/18698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/7/18699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
testing_data/8/18700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/9/18701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LaBelleAurore.ttf
training_data/1/18702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/18703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/18704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/18705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/18706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/18707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/18708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/18709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/18710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/18711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/18712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/18713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/18714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/18715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/18716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/18717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/18718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/18719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooBhaina2[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/18720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sedan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/18740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Poppins-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/18750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charmonman-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/18760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inder-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/18766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/3/18767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/18768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/18769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/18770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/18771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/18772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/18773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PublicSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/18774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/18780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/18784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/18785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/18786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/18787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/18788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/18789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/18790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/18791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/18792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/18800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aubrey-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/18810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Basic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/18820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/18827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/18829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/18830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/18831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/18832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/2/18838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/3/18839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
testing_data/4/18840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/5/18841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/6/18842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/7/18843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/8/18844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/9/18845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf
training_data/1/18846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/18847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/18848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/18849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/18850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/18851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/18852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/18853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/18854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/18855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/2/18856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/3/18857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/4/18858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/5/18859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/18860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/7/18861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/8/18862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/9/18863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-Light.ttf
training_data/1/18864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tinos-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/2/18874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/3/18875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/4/18876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/5/18877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/6/18878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/7/18879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/18880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/9/18881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Catamaran[wght].ttf
training_data/1/18882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/18890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeowScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/18910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZCOOLXiaoWei-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/18920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/18930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigshotOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/18940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaletteMosaic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/18950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Charm-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/18960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Langar-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/18970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FuzzyBubbles-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/18973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/18974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/18975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/18976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/18977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/18978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/18979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/18980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/18981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cambo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/18990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/18991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/18992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/18993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/18994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/18995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/18996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/18997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/18998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Peralta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/18999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/19000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/19001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/19010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StickNoBills[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/2/19018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/3/19019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/19020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/5/19021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/6/19022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/7/19023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/8/19024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/9/19025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf
training_data/1/19026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/19028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/19030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/19037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/19040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/19050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LindenHill-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/2/19054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/3/19055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/4/19056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/5/19057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/6/19058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/7/19059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
testing_data/8/19060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/9/19061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-Heavy.ttf
training_data/1/19062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/19070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/19080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KiwiMaru-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
testing_data/2/19090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/3/19091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/4/19092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/5/19093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/6/19094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/7/19095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/8/19096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/9/19097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DecovarAlpha-VF.ttf
training_data/1/19098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/19100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/19110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/19130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Battambang-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/19140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/2/19144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/3/19145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/4/19146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/5/19147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/6/19148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/7/19149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
testing_data/8/19150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/9/19151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Michroma.ttf
training_data/1/19152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/19153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/19158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/19159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/9/19160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSC[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/19161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Unna-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/19170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/19171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/19172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/19173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/19174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/19175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/19176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/19177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/19178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/19179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
testing_data/2/19180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/3/19181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/4/19182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/5/19183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/6/19184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/7/19185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/8/19186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/9/19187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeENit28P.ttf
training_data/1/19188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/19190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YuseiMagic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
testing_data/4/19200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yaldevi[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/19210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/19220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaStencilOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/19225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/7/19230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/19231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/19232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fredoka[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/19233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/19240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/19243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/19244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/19245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/19246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/19247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/19248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/19249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/19250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ShipporiMincho-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/19251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/2/19252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/3/19253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/4/19254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/5/19255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/6/19256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/7/19257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/8/19258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
training_data/9/19259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Siemreap.ttf
testing_data/1/19260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS2[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
testing_data/2/19270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/19271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/19272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/19273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/19274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/19275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/19276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/19277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/19278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/19280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SingleDay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SedanSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/19310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/19320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Scada-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/19330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pattaya-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/19340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jua-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/19350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Halant-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/19360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/19370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/19380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiExpanded-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/19400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/19410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Skranji-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/19420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenDots-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/19430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/2/19432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/3/19433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/4/19434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/5/19435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/6/19436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/7/19437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/8/19438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
training_data/9/19439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Black.ttf
testing_data/1/19440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/19441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/19442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/19443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/19444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/19445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/19446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/19447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/19448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/19449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/19450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ranga-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/19460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonText-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/19480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BigShouldersText[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/19490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/19500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NewTegomin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/19510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindKochi-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/19520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sora[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Jura[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/19530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SassyFrass-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/19540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/19545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/19546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/19547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Newsreader[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/19548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/19550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlusJakartaSans[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/19560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/7/19563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Volkhov-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/19580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiTokumin-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/2/19585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/3/19586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/4/19587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/5/19588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/6/19589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/19590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/8/19591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/9/19592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhyme-Light.ttf
training_data/1/19593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/19600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/19603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/19604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/19605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/19606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/19607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/19608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/19609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/9/19610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Grenze-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/19611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/19612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/19617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/19618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/19619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekOdia[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/1/19620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MonteCarlo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/2/19630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/19635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/19636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/19637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trispace[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/19638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/2/19639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
testing_data/3/19640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/4/19641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/5/19642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/6/19643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/7/19644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/8/19645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/9/19646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khmer.ttf
training_data/1/19647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PontanoSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sansation-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/19670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/19680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreBaskerville-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/19690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Niramit-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/19694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/19700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/19710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/2/19720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/19725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/19730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Abel-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GildaDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/19760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/19770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/19774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/19775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/19776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/5/19777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/19778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/19779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/8/19780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/19781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Imbue[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/19782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/19790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chicle-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Timmana-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/19800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SometypeMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/19810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/3/19811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/4/19812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/5/19813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/6/19814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/7/19815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/8/19816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/9/19817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Merriweather-Black.ttf
training_data/1/19818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/19820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CherryCreamSoda-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/19837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/19838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/19839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/19840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/19841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/19842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/19843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/19844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/19845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/19850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/19855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/19856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/19857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/19858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/19859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/19860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/19861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/19862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/19863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/19870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarabun-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/19880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bitter[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Thasadith-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/19890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
testing_data/2/19900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/3/19901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/4/19902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/5/19903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/6/19904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/7/19905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/8/19906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/9/19907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GenBasBI.ttf
training_data/1/19908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/19909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
testing_data/3/19910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/19911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/19912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/19913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/19914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/19915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/19916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/19917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/19920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GrapeNuts-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/19930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Italianno-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/19940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/8/19942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Besley[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/19950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Corinthia-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/19954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/19955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/19956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/19957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/19958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/7/19959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/19960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/9/19961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/JetBrainsMono[wght].ttf
training_data/1/19962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/19970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Syncopate-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/19980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/19981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/19982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/19983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/19984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/19985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/19986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/19987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/19988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MiriamLibre-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/19989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/19990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/19991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/19992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/19993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/19994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/19995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/19996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/19997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stick-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/19998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/19999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bonbon-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/20010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/20020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mate-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/20040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Karantina-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/20050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/9/20051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraCode[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/20060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RobotoMono[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmiriQuran-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/20070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/20080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MeaCulpa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/20090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trochut-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/2/20098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/3/20099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
testing_data/4/20100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/5/20101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/6/20102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/7/20103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/8/20104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/9/20105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IMFeDPsc28P.ttf
training_data/1/20106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/20107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/20108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/20109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/5/20110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/20111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/20112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/20113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/20114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/20115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/20120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Content-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/20130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/20140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/9/20141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Assistant[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/20150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Stoke-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TitilliumWeb-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/20160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Almarai-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/20170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/20172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/20173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarala-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/20190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/20200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/20206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/20207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/20208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/20209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/20210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/20211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/20212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/20213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/20214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/2/20215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/3/20216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/4/20217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/5/20218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/6/20219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
testing_data/7/20220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/8/20221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/9/20222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GravitasOne.ttf
training_data/1/20223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/20230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArimaMadurai-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/20240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YanoneKaffeesatz[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/20250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Srisakdi-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/20260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Baskervville-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/20280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barrio-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/20290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Miama-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/20310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/20320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/20323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/20324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/20325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/20326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/20327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/20328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/20329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/20330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/20331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/20340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cardo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/20350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Handlee-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/20368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/20369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/20370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/20371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/20372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/20373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/20374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/20375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/20376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/20379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/20380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
testing_data/7/20400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSansPro-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/20410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumGothicCoding-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/20420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduNSWACTFoundation[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/20430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/20431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/20432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/20433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/20434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/6/20435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/20436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/20437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/20438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/20439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/20440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/20441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/20442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/20443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/20444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/20445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/20446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/20447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/20448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/20449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/20450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/20451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/20452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/20453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/20454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/20455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/20456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Martel-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/20457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/20460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/20470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tomorrow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/20478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/20479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/6/20480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/20490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arya-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
testing_data/8/20500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArefRuqaa-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/20510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rajdhani-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThai-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/20520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BadScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/20530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/2/20539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
testing_data/3/20540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/4/20541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/5/20542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/6/20543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/7/20544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/8/20545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/9/20546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MavenProVFBeta.ttf
training_data/1/20547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/20550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/20551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/20560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/2/20566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/3/20567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/4/20568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/5/20569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
testing_data/6/20570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/7/20571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/8/20572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/9/20573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-CondensedBlack.ttf
training_data/1/20574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/20580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/9/20582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Signika[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/20590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mada-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/20600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/5/20605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ComicNeue-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/20610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/20611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/20612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/20613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/20614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/20615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/20616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/20617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/20618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/20619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/20620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/20621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/20622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/20623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/20624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/20625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/20626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/20627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/20628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rye-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/20640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SignikaNegativeSC-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/2/20647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/3/20648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/4/20649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/20650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/6/20651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/7/20652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/8/20653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/9/20654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yantramanav-Black.ttf
training_data/1/20655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YujiSyuku-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/20670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/8/20680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/20690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/20692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/20693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/20694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/20695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/20696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/20697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/20698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/20699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Thin.ttf
testing_data/1/20700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DuruSans-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/20710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LeagueScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/2/20719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
testing_data/3/20720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/4/20721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/5/20722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/6/20723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/7/20724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/8/20725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/9/20726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaFlat.ttf
training_data/1/20727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/20730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/20731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Spectral-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/20740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gugi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kalam-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/20760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/K2D-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/20770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StyleScript-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/20780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Varta[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FredokaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/20790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/20793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/20794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/20800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/20810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CaveatBrush-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/20820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AbhayaLibre-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/20826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/20827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/20828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/20829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/5/20830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/20831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/20832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/20833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/20834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/20835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/20840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/20850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gudea-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/20860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/20870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ReemKufiInk-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/20872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/20873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/20874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/20875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/20876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/20877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/20878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/20879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindSiliguri-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/20880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belgrano-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
testing_data/2/20890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/9/20897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PlayfairDisplay[wght].ttf
training_data/1/20898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/20899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/20900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/20901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/20902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/20903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/20904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/20905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/20906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/20907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/20908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/20909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
testing_data/4/20910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/20911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/20912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/20913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/20914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/20915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/20916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/2/20917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/3/20918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/4/20919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/20920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/6/20921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/7/20922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/8/20923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/9/20924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-Light.ttf
training_data/1/20925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/20927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/20930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/20940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KdamThmorPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/2/20944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/3/20945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/4/20946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/5/20947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/6/20948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/7/20949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
testing_data/8/20950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/9/20951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NovaSquare.ttf
training_data/1/20952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/20960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kantumruy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/2/20962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/3/20963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/4/20964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/5/20965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/6/20966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/7/20967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/8/20968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
training_data/9/20969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/STIXTwoText[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/20970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/20971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/20972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/20973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/20974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/20975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/20976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/20977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/20978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mitr-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/20979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/2/20980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/20981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/20982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/20983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/20984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/20985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/20986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/20987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CodaCaption-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/20988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/20989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/20990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/20991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/20992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/20993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/20994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/20995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/20996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rambla-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/20997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/20998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/20999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/21000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/21001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/21002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/21003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/21004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/21005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/21006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/21007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/21008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/21009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/21010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/21011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/21012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/21013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/21014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/21015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oranienbaum-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/21030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TaiHeritagePro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/21050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aleo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DarkerGrotesque-Light.ttf
testing_data/1/21060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindGuntur-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dokdo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/3/21080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PostNoBillsColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/21090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sail-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/21100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/21106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/21107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/21108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/21109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/6/21110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/21111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/21112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/21113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/21114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DelaGothicOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
testing_data/8/21130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rosario[wght].ttf
training_data/1/21132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Warnes-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EduSABeginner[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/21150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
testing_data/2/21160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/3/21161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/4/21162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/5/21163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/6/21164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/7/21165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/8/21166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/9/21167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedRegular.ttf
training_data/1/21168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/21170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/21178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/21179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
testing_data/4/21180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/21181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/21182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/21183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/21184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/21185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/21186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/21190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LiuJianMaoCao-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/6/21200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/2/21205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/3/21206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/4/21207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/5/21208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/6/21209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
testing_data/7/21210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/8/21211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/9/21212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Nabla[EDPT,EHLT].ttf
training_data/1/21213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Judson-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AkayaTelivigala-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BalooChettan2[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/21240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BeVietnam-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
testing_data/2/21250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/3/21251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/4/21252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/5/21253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/6/21254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/7/21255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/8/21256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/9/21257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenMaruGothic-Black.ttf
training_data/1/21258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/21260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Sarpanch-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/21270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExtraExpandedSemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
testing_data/5/21280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansThaiLooped-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Montaga-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/21300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantUnicase-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Redressed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chonburi-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/21330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bhavuka-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/21349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
testing_data/3/21350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/21351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/21352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/21353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/21354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/21355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/21356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekDevanagari[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/21357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/21360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Bevan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/21370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Lato-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Junge-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Birthstone-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/21400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gaegu-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cormorant[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/21420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/21430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/4/21432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/TurretRoad-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/21440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/21450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GothicA1-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/21456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/21460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AveriaLibre-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MochiyPopOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PurplePurse-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YeonSung-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/21502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/21503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/21504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/21505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/21506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/21507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/21508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/21509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaSemiCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/1/21510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Atma-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/21529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/21530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/21531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/21532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/21533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/21534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/21535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/21536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Athiti-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/21537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/21540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Monda-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/21550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Mukta-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Yesteryear-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/21570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Hanuman-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GideonRoman-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/2/21583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/3/21584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/4/21585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/5/21586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/6/21587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/7/21588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/8/21589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
testing_data/9/21590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PTM55FT.ttf
training_data/1/21591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/2/21592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/3/21593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/4/21594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/5/21595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/6/21596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/7/21597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/8/21598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
training_data/9/21599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cedarville-Cursive.ttf
testing_data/1/21600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Pridi-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/2/21610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/21611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/21612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/21613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/21614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/21615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/21616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/21617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SpectralSC-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/21618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/21619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/3/21620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/21621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/21622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/21623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/21624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/21625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/21626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/21627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/21630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/21640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cutive-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
testing_data/6/21650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Vollkorn[wght].ttf
training_data/1/21654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Aboreto-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/9/21680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/21682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/21683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/21684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/21685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/21686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/21687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/21688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/21689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RoundedMplus1c-Thin.ttf
testing_data/1/21690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PassionOne-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Dongle-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/21710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Armata-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/2/21718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/3/21719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
testing_data/4/21720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/5/21721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/6/21722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/7/21723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/8/21724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/9/21725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-ExpandedMedium.ttf
training_data/1/21726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/21730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AdventPro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Puritan-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EncodeSansExpanded-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/21763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/21764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/21765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/21766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/21767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/21768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/21769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/21770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/21771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rokkitt[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/21780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ScheherazadeNew-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/21790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Palanquin-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/21799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/3/21800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/21801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/21802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/21803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/21804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/21805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/21806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexMono-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/21807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/21810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindColombo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/21820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Buenard-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Belleza-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/21840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LibreFranklin[wght].ttf
training_data/1/21843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/21844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/21845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/21846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/21847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/21848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/21849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/8/21850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/21851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/21852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/21860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tillana-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/5/21865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/6/21866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/7/21867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/8/21868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
training_data/9/21869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Arima[wght].ttf
testing_data/1/21870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PragatiNarrow-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Forum-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/21890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SuezOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/2/21898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/3/21899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
testing_data/4/21900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/5/21901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/6/21902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/7/21903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/8/21904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/9/21905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BaiJamjuree-Light.ttf
training_data/1/21906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/21910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/21914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CourierPrime-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/21920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21923.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CutiveMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21924.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21925.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21926.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21927.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21928.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21929.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/21930.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21931.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21932.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Delius-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21933.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21934.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21935.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21936.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21937.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21938.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21939.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/21940.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21941.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxygen-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21942.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/21943.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/21944.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/21945.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/21946.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/21947.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/21948.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/21949.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
testing_data/9/21950.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KoHo-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/21951.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/21952.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/21953.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/21954.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/21955.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/21956.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/21957.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/21958.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/21959.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Maitree-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/21960.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/21961.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/21962.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/21963.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/21964.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/21965.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/21966.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/21967.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/21968.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/YaldeviColombo-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/21969.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/21970.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/21971.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21972.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21973.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21974.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21975.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21976.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21977.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21978.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/21979.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/21980.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/21981.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/21982.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/21983.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/21984.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/21985.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/21986.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/21987.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/21988.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/21989.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/4/21990.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/21991.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/21992.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/21993.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/8/21994.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/21995.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Livvic-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/21996.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/2/21997.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/3/21998.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/4/21999.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
testing_data/5/22000.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22001.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/7/22002.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22003.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/9/22004.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CrimsonPro[wght].ttf
training_data/1/22005.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22006.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22007.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/4/22008.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22009.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/22010.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22011.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22012.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22013.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicAntique-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22014.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22015.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22016.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22017.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22018.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22019.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/22020.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22021.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22022.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Felipa-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22023.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22024.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22025.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22026.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22027.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22028.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22029.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/22030.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22031.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Roboto-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22032.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22033.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22034.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/4/22035.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22036.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/6/22037.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22038.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22039.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
testing_data/9/22040.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22041.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22042.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22043.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22044.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22045.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22046.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22047.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22048.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22049.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BonheurRoyale-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22050.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22051.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22052.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22053.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22054.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22055.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22056.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22057.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22058.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22059.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/22060.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22061.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22062.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22063.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22064.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22065.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22066.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22067.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OpenSansCondensed-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22068.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22069.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/22070.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22071.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22072.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22073.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22074.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22075.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22076.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Trirong-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22077.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22078.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22079.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/22080.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22081.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22082.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22083.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22084.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22085.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BellotaText-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22086.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22087.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22088.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22089.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/22090.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22091.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22092.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22093.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22094.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22095.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22096.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22097.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22098.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22099.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
testing_data/6/22100.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22101.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22102.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22103.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ZenKakuGothicNew-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22104.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22105.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22106.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22107.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22108.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22109.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/22110.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22111.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22112.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Coda-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22113.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22114.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22115.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22116.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22117.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22118.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22119.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22120.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22121.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Tuffy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22122.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22123.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22124.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22125.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22126.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22127.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22128.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22129.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
testing_data/9/22130.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Chivo-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22131.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22132.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22133.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22134.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22135.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22136.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22137.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22138.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22139.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Asar-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22140.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22141.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22142.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/22143.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22144.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22145.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22146.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22147.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22148.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kodchasan-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22149.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
testing_data/2/22150.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22151.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22152.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22153.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22154.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22155.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22156.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22157.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Phetsarath-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22158.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22159.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/22160.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22161.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22162.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22163.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22164.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22165.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22166.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PaytoneOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22167.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22168.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22169.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/22170.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22171.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/6/22172.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22173.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22174.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22175.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22176.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/2/22177.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/3/22178.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/4/22179.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
testing_data/5/22180.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/6/22181.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/7/22182.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/8/22183.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/9/22184.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf
training_data/1/22185.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22186.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22187.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22188.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22189.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/22190.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22191.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22192.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22193.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Kanit-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22194.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22195.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22196.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22197.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22198.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22199.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/22200.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22201.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22202.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Biryani-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22203.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22204.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22205.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22206.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22207.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22208.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22209.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22210.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22211.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WalterTurncoat-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22212.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/22213.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/22214.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/22215.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/22216.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/22217.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/22218.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/22219.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/22220.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BioRhymeExpanded-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/22221.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22222.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22223.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22224.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22225.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22226.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22227.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22228.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22229.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Alkalami-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22230.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/22231.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/22232.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/22233.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/22234.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/22235.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/22236.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/22237.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/22238.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Barlow-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/22239.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/22240.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22241.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22242.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22243.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22244.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22245.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22246.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22247.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amita-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22248.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22249.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/22250.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22251.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22252.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22253.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22254.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22255.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22256.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/FiraSansExtraCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22257.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22258.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22259.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/22260.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22261.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22262.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22263.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22264.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22265.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Castoro-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22266.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/22267.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/22268.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/22269.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
testing_data/5/22270.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/22271.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/22272.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/22273.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/22274.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/22275.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/22276.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/22277.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/22278.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/22279.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/6/22280.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/22281.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/22282.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/22283.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SairaExtraCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/22284.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22285.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22286.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22287.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22288.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22289.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/22290.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22291.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22292.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22293.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/2/22294.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/3/22295.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/4/22296.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/5/22297.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/6/22298.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/7/22299.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
testing_data/8/22300.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/9/22301.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-ExtraLight.ttf
training_data/1/22302.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/22303.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/22304.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/22305.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/22306.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/22307.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/22308.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/22309.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
testing_data/9/22310.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HindVadodara-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/22311.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22312.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22313.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22314.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22315.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22316.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22317.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22318.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22319.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gupter-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/22320.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22321.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22322.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22323.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22324.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22325.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22326.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22327.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22328.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Economica-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22329.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
testing_data/2/22330.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/22331.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/22332.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/22333.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/22334.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/22335.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/22336.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/22337.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MuktaMalar-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/22338.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22339.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/22340.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22341.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22342.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22343.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22344.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22345.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22346.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceberg-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22347.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22348.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22349.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/22350.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22351.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22352.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22353.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22354.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22355.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Fahkwang-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22356.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22357.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22358.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22359.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
testing_data/5/22360.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22361.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22362.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22363.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22364.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Allan-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22365.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22366.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22367.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/22368.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22369.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/6/22370.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22371.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22372.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22373.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22374.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22375.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22376.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/4/22377.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22378.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/6/22379.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
testing_data/7/22380.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22381.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22382.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MartelSans-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22383.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22384.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22385.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22386.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22387.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22388.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22389.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/22390.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22391.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansHebrew-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22392.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22393.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22394.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/22395.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22396.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22397.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22398.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22399.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/9/22400.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22401.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/22402.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/22403.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/22404.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/22405.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/6/22406.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/22407.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/22408.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/22409.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/DMMono-Medium.ttf
testing_data/1/22410.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22411.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22412.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22413.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22414.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22415.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22416.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22417.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22418.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/RacingSansOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22419.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/22420.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22421.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22422.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22423.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22424.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22425.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22426.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22427.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Galindo-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22428.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/2/22429.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
testing_data/3/22430.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/4/22431.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/5/22432.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22433.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/7/22434.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22435.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/9/22436.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Podkova[wght].ttf
training_data/1/22437.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22438.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22439.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
testing_data/4/22440.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/5/22441.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/6/22442.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22443.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22444.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22445.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22446.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22447.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22448.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22449.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/22450.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22451.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22452.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22453.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22454.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22455.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/2/22456.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/3/22457.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/4/22458.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/5/22459.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
testing_data/6/22460.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/7/22461.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/8/22462.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/9/22463.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Gelasio-Medium.ttf
training_data/1/22464.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22465.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22466.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/22467.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22468.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22469.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/7/22470.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22471.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22472.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KleeOne-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22473.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22474.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22475.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22476.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22477.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22478.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22479.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22480.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22481.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/HermeneusOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22482.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/22483.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/22484.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/22485.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/22486.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/22487.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/22488.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/22489.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/22490.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsanCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/22491.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22492.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22493.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22494.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22495.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22496.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22497.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22498.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22499.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BenchNine-Bold.ttf
testing_data/1/22500.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22501.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22502.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22503.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22504.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22505.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22506.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22507.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22508.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Suravaram-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22509.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/22510.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22511.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22512.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22513.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22514.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22515.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22516.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22517.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WendyOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22518.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/2/22519.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
testing_data/3/22520.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/4/22521.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/5/22522.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/6/22523.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/7/22524.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/8/22525.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/9/22526.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf
training_data/1/22527.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22528.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22529.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
testing_data/4/22530.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22531.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22532.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22533.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22534.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22535.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LifeSavers-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22536.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/2/22537.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/3/22538.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/4/22539.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
testing_data/5/22540.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/6/22541.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/7/22542.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/8/22543.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/9/22544.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowSemiCondensed-Black.ttf
training_data/1/22545.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/2/22546.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/3/22547.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/4/22548.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/5/22549.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
testing_data/6/22550.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/7/22551.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/8/22552.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/9/22553.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-SemiExpanded.ttf
training_data/1/22554.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/22555.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/22556.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/22557.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/22558.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/22559.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
testing_data/7/22560.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/22561.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/22562.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansCondensed-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/22563.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22564.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22565.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22566.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22567.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22568.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22569.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22570.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22571.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PuppiesPlay-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22572.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/2/22573.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/3/22574.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/4/22575.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/5/22576.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22577.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/7/22578.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22579.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/22580.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Oxanium[wght].ttf
training_data/1/22581.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22582.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22583.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22584.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22585.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22586.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22587.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22588.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22589.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Ovo-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22590.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/2/22591.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/3/22592.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/4/22593.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/5/22594.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22595.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/7/22596.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22597.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/9/22598.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Urbanist[wght].ttf
training_data/1/22599.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/22600.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22601.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22602.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22603.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22604.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22605.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22606.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22607.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/GowunBatang-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22608.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/2/22609.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
testing_data/3/22610.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/22611.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/22612.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/22613.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/22614.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/22615.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/22616.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MPLUS1p-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/22617.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/22618.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/22619.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/4/22620.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/22621.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/22622.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/22623.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/22624.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/9/22625.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Prompt-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/22626.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22627.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22628.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/22629.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/5/22630.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22631.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22632.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22633.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22634.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AsapCondensed-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22635.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22636.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22637.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22638.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22639.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/22640.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22641.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22642.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22643.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22644.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22645.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22646.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22647.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22648.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22649.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
testing_data/7/22650.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22651.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22652.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/OxygenMono-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22653.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22654.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22655.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22656.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22657.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22658.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22659.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22660.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22661.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Amiri-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22662.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/2/22663.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/3/22664.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/4/22665.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/5/22666.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/6/22667.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/7/22668.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/8/22669.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
testing_data/9/22670.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LemonadaVFBeta.ttf
training_data/1/22671.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22672.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22673.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22674.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22675.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22676.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22677.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22678.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22679.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22680.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/2/22681.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/3/22682.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/4/22683.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/5/22684.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/6/22685.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/7/22686.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/8/22687.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/9/22688.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnekGurmukhi[wdth,wght].ttf
training_data/1/22689.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
testing_data/2/22690.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22691.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22692.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22693.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22694.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22695.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22696.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22697.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22698.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22699.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
testing_data/3/22700.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22701.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22702.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22703.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22704.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22705.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22706.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Iceland-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22707.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22708.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/3/22709.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/4/22710.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22711.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22712.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22713.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22714.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22715.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/NunitoSans-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22716.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22717.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22718.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22719.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/22720.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22721.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22722.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22723.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22724.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22725.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22726.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22727.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22728.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22729.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
testing_data/6/22730.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/7/22731.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22732.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22733.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22734.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22735.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22736.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22737.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22738.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22739.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/22740.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22741.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22742.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SeoulNamsan-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22743.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22744.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22745.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22746.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22747.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22748.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22749.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
testing_data/8/22750.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22751.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Solway-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22752.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/2/22753.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/3/22754.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/4/22755.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/5/22756.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22757.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/7/22758.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22759.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
testing_data/9/22760.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/ArchivoNarrow[wght].ttf
training_data/1/22761.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22762.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22763.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22764.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22765.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22766.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22767.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22768.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22769.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/KaiseiDecol-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22770.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22771.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22772.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22773.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22774.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22775.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22776.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22777.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22778.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AnnieUseYourTelescope-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22779.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
testing_data/2/22780.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22781.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22782.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22783.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22784.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22785.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22786.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22787.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/LuckiestGuy-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22788.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/2/22789.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
testing_data/3/22790.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/4/22791.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/5/22792.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/6/22793.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/7/22794.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/8/22795.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/9/22796.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/CormorantGaramond-SemiBold.ttf
training_data/1/22797.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22798.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22799.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/22800.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22801.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22802.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22803.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22804.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22805.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/MedulaOne-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22806.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22807.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22808.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22809.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
testing_data/5/22810.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22811.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22812.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22813.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22814.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22815.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/2/22816.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/3/22817.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/4/22818.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/5/22819.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
testing_data/6/22820.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/7/22821.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/8/22822.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/9/22823.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Inconsolata-UltraCondensedLight.ttf
training_data/1/22824.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/2/22825.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/3/22826.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/4/22827.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/5/22828.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/6/22829.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
testing_data/7/22830.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/8/22831.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/9/22832.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Rowdies-Bold.ttf
training_data/1/22833.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22834.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22835.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22836.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22837.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22838.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22839.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
testing_data/8/22840.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22841.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Blinker-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22842.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/2/22843.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/3/22844.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/4/22845.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/5/22846.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/6/22847.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/7/22848.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/8/22849.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
testing_data/9/22850.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BarlowCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf
training_data/1/22851.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22852.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22853.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22854.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22855.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22856.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22857.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22858.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22859.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BIZUDPGothic-Regular.ttf
testing_data/1/22860.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22861.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/3/22862.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22863.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22864.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22865.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22866.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22867.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22868.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Taviraj-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22869.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
testing_data/2/22870.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/3/22871.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/4/22872.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/5/22873.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/6/22874.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/7/22875.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/8/22876.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/9/22877.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/IBMPlexSansDevanagari-Thin.ttf
training_data/1/22878.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/2/22879.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
testing_data/3/22880.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/4/22881.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/5/22882.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/6/22883.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/7/22884.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/8/22885.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/9/22886.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/EkMukta-Light.ttf
training_data/1/22887.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22888.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22889.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
testing_data/4/22890.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22891.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/6/22892.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22893.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22894.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22895.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22896.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/2/22897.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/3/22898.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/4/22899.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
testing_data/5/22900.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/6/22901.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/7/22902.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/8/22903.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/9/22904.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/BodoniModa[opsz,wght].ttf
training_data/1/22905.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/2/22906.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/3/22907.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/4/22908.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/5/22909.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
testing_data/6/22910.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/7/22911.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/8/22912.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/9/22913.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/SyneTactile-Regular.ttf
training_data/1/22914.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/2/22915.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/3/22916.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/4/22917.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/5/22918.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/6/22919.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
testing_data/7/22920.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/8/22921.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf
training_data/9/22922.png : /home/joona/Programming/projects/ar-sudoku/digit_recognition/fonts/google/Changa[wght].ttf